Bopbot: Making Mealtime Awesome
Project Management tool to help with Gap and Bias detection
Online tools to identify and track gaps in GBIF-mediated data to characterize species distributions in space and time
Helper Bot that analyzes AWS Security Groups, Network ACLs, and Route Tables for troubleshooting connectivity issues.



See the schedule in augmented reality

Matthews Crossing Data Manager
A dating sim based on the popular Japanese games - but with SHARKS!
A volunteer and event management portal for the Pet Rescue NPO Lost Our Home
Automation of maintaining, analyzing  the " Food for Hunger' organization data.
Connect 2 Simmons
An adventure helping out fellow Fenway Students
A 1 v 1 player hardware memory game with visual output
Solution to your pet problems
Revamping Si Se Puede.
Enhanced Music Player that allows users to stream music, get lyrics, and find definitions for words.
Hungry students who don't want to decide what to eat. Our chatbot decides for you and suggests options.
SMS Taxi receives ride requests via text message, optimizes ride-matching, and uses OpenXC data for location and cost
Git Good Housing is a platform that consolidates public housing inspection scores for simple searching.
Hacker grade magnetic tape backup
Extracting relevant items from YouTube videos using machine learning algorithms
Ending online harassment by making it a friendlier place
Emotionally customized profiles done through natural language processing. Add-on for Lyfe.
Experience the power of Alexa + EventBrite = your future looks lit
:)
OneStepToDoctor Project
A snapgroup platform
Heart Trends, an IBM Watson IoT Web Service that monitors patient heart rate and alerts family of abnormal readings.
someone is trolling
Scriply empowers users to keep their prescriptions routine and monitored.
Phouse (Phone mouse) uses your smartphone as a mouse for your computer using rotational movements and buttons.
FriendFlix brings social aspects to Netflix by letting users recommend movies to their friends and see their likes.
Knock knock. who's there. banana. banana who?
Connecting doctors and patients like never before
OregonTrail but using real map data from ESRI for routing and events based on local demographics (such as crime).
Navigate to the world's top hackathons with your reimbursements.
Ever wonder if that jerk in traffic that cut you off is a repeat offender? Well now it's easy!
Connecting people worldwide through their interest in the same website

A way to alleviate the discrepancy between true demand and distribution-based demand of medical supplies
Shape slicing security. We put the 2 step in 2 step authentication.
Budget VR Immersion
America's best debate is actually online
adam is but 1 man. the world needs his help and his image everywere. he will do what you say and say what he does
3D visualisation of Millennium Point visitor numbers on the floor plan of the building using Unity.
Send websites to their wwwdeath
Gives you an advantage of being ahead of the crowd with sudo-real time parking garage data.

Location based app to find activities and pick up games going on around you
Dodge the Notes and Make the Music!
Natural Language Steganography: Encoding ciphertexts in form of natural language text
A resource sharing and community building platform that helps you timeshare everyday items
Twitch stream remote control car
An affordable motion capture system designed for virtual reality.
An automated analysis and reporting dashboard for Energy Managers.
Our approach is coupling simple IT change with process change to drive the biggest short/medium-term benefit
Your personal text-message internet assistant anywhere you go.
A dashboard showing insight into the energy data available coupled with an alert system for potential issues.
Free your utility data, giv
PhonePwn is a distributed data collection, interception, analysis, and visualization framework on-top of a drone.
Aimed to save life of those who are in danger
PT to VT, making physical therapy fun and accessible
The rock that'll get you rolling. Gamification activity app.
Build the world; Teach the world

See a world of encryption through color.
Making restaurant experience better
Save precious lives by nudging bad tire change with computer vision and machine learning.
Automated trading system using robinhood app with robot arm.
Autonomous rover designed to discreetly collect and return network traffic

An application and integrated campaign to help the council improve water efficiency and reduce costs

We check you before you wreck you.
Automatically blocks Twitter users that post offensive content.
An exciting twist on the classic racing game
From raw material to the patient, Veripharm ensures quality and accountability at every step of the drug supply chain
Video Games played through email!
Faster and Safer in a Breeze.
A terrarium that shows the weather

Collecting donations through Uber app to provide housing and useful resources for the homeless. Works with the app.
Collecting donations through the uber app to provide housing and useful resources for the homeless.
An ASCII renderer for images and 3d models; for use over SSH
If you could updoot anything you wanted, what would you doot?
Coming together to solve parking woes.
Twitch plays cards against humanity
A realistic public speaking training simulator
Mobile companion to follow and listens to you, enabling a more personal smart home experience
Easy to use website to help college students keep track of their habits and try to live a healthy lifestyle.
Event management & registration for both event organizers and event goers.
Reddit Observation Bot On Twitch
One tap for one more connection: NFC based event registration, recruiting events, resume transfer, and analytics
An online portal for administrators, note takers, and the students who need the notes.

Holographic weather visualization application
A solution to the lack of technological infrastructure in countries that Partners in Health support.
A distributed file system that requires all devices to be connected simultaneously in order to access files.
Wellesley College Access Van - built for WHACK16
An interactive visual experience to illustrate microaggressions women may face on a regular basis.
Immerse yourself in a retro-style fighting game with realistic vibrations and real-time damage metrics!
A mobile app to navigate the world for the visually impaired
A safer, more convenient experience for partygoers and party throwers.
UMBC Hackathon 2016,

Teaming made easier for the next hackathon.
care coordination and audit trail platform on blockchain
An interactive children's storybook about a girl and her garden.

Twitch plays Spotify. Twitch chatbot that allows viewers of a stream to add songs to a streamer's Spotify playlist.
The most pressing questions; discuss, debate and make friends along the way.
Battleships. But in 3D. And in Space.
A stylized video processing web app based on deep learning and AWS.
Created a free and open source operating system that is safe for students to use
Make an appointment system that uses blockchain for the database
Blockchain backed eHealth Wallet
Blockchain based Egalitarian Routing and Financing of taxi shared taxi-cab rides
Artificial Intelligence who help you share a taxi ride
Taking a cab in Morocco just got faster, cheaper, and safer

A razor with a vintage craftsman look, and tomorrows smarts such as Bluetooth for personalized recommendations
Wifi / BT speaker with Active Xovers that can be controlled over the Internet and assorted systems
Using AI and machine learning (watson) to tackle hospital bed management
Autonomous fuel replenishment system: keeping you warm and smart all through the year!
Smart companion to aid overcoming social isolation for the elderly in their homes.
An End-to-End Wearable Activity Recognition System
Taking care over our beloved ones in a cheap and not-too-instrusive way.
A user-friendly website to find the best perfect plan fitting your (tight) budget.
What if you could have HTC Vive quality VR with just your phone and a tablet?


A game of "The Price is Right" but with Target products
Consume, map, convert, integrate and visualize selected data sets for the music work of operas to BIBFRAME 2.0
A Hugh Grant at St Andrews inspired funny video game
Pokemon go for the world wide web
A St Andrews themed infinite runner

When you forget how that song goes but remember a few words, ask Alexa and she'll finish your lyrics
The journey is it's own destination
Stronger Simpler Better
Telegram bot that moderates group chats
The most intuitive and unique way to control a helicopter - using your hand's movements in open air.
Relay aims to provide a better solution to the issues surrounding emergency services using present information
Any trash in your way, is out of the way. Scan and Grab, completely autonomous, accurate and robust.
Transforming Lives of Farmers
Generate pretentious poems from images using ML, NLP, and GP!
Swift, Easy, Tasty
An inexpensive way to ensure not another child dies in an overheating car.
Heat map of bank transactions so a customer can see where people like him/her (age, salary,...) buys more frequently.
Unique computer generated music, free for everyone.
Predicting Instruments by Transforming Collections of Harmonics
We'll engage more than 100k people to make an animated mosaic using a device which all of them have in their pockets.
Data-driven platform for students, parents, and administrators to emphasize increased safety and accountability
We used machine learning to teach Jibo to play Pictionary
Use for safety
An iOS mobile app that helps you keep track of your medications by sending reminders to you phone and Pebble.
Live it, print it.
An international communication tool that connects everyone without border
Chat with secret messages!  Send pictures of cats while secretly discussing hush-hush topics.
Control your home with emojis!

SkyscannerPlus is a Skyscanner extension, that enables clients to use natural processing language to find flights.
Take the best images automaticly, in seconds.
Let the weather decide for me

Automatic Data Transfering from Atenea (Moodle) to Dropbox

Mobile app that lets you find multi-day multi-stop low-cost roundtrips around Europe, US or any other continent.
Data Analysis of Mobile Coverage Data
A monitoring, response, and spacial analysis device for law enforcement
A digital ultra-low-cost library runing on the router's firmware, no internet reqired. Taking culture where needed
Alexa becomes the newest rapper on the block, and she's ready to battle
We just wanted to create the unforgettable umbrella. An item you could impossible leave home when you need it
Can you identify the programming languages from the indie bands?

Automated fish feeder and environment monitor
Censei is an anti-harassment service, using image/text analysis to keep private images from being posted online.
Paint along with Bob Ross using your cell phone! Compete with your friends to make the best watercolor!
An improvisational AI that unleashes the creative power of an entire orchestra to music producers and artists
Implement two-factor authentication on any web server using a standard 13.56 MHz RFID card and RFID reader.
A cyber bullying prevention platform
Reminds you of your subscription payments before the free trial period ends, manages budgets and your money smartly
Allowing users to categorize their music in a more nuanced fashion than currently available
Detroit's not safe, but you can be. Leverage machine learning and crowd-sourced data to navigate your life.
A rapid paging and notification system using Amazon dash buttons

Search utility for Autodesk Fusion 360
visual and anonymous emoji based sentiment analysis
Combining the Occulus Rift and Leap Motion Controller for a poor man's Vive, it's a VR playground for fun and profit.
Through a phone camera, live AR markers pop up on buildings to show you which venues are trending on Foursquare.
Find your clone! :)
Use an image and hopefully get statistics for your campagin
Sit is an automatic unit test generator that lowers the barrier to strong test-driven development.
The performance of a lifetime is right at your fingertips
A situational analysis tool.
An application that prevents drunk driving
Chrome extension to monitor your tab data usage and where that data is going.
Scale module made of popsicle sticks and is powered by mbed.

A companion for people using public transit in Detroit to get to work or school on time
Ever feel like wrecking some hackers and be the best defender in 2016? Now's your chance to do so in Virtual Reality!
Image processing to capture a game of go. Take data and continue game in online app, or divide board by captured area
Helping monitor the growing clown epidemic by tracking sightings in GM vehicles
Robo-Advisor for Investment Professionals
Everyone is the DJ at your party
a competitive stock portfolio building game
Utilizing doctors' and patients' time more effectively.
It is an anti-phishing extension that uses email scraping and manual reporting to build phishing lists.
Car door frozen shut? Well not anymore with this hack that melts the ice as soon as you unlock your car!
Open source framework for distributed cyber harassment tracking, and prevention
ChennieBot helps you find the best food, activities, or lodging wherever you go!
Use Fit Bit data to control the playlist on the dance floor based on user movement and heart rate
Secure your home using Leap Motion.
Builds an immersive virtual-reality world out of a song with interactive elements that react uniquely to it.
Web app designed to organize a queue of major tasks by set priority.  Aim to make into a chrome extension
Order food by texting pictures of what you want to eat
Scavenger hunt app used to help automate some of the annoying clerical parts of scavenger hunts.
Don't fall for their tricks! Use ClownSpotter to stay up to date with creepy clown sightings near you and stay safe!
Efficient and cool alternative input and output method
Hide your internet activity with a Raspberry Pi
Web application which analyzses emotions of tweets about the U.S. election from supporters of the candidates
A browser extension that notifies you when you view the website of a problematic charity and provides better options.
You think you have good taste in music? You probably don't. Find out with a Spotify Popularity Rating System.
We can use machine learning to forecast seizures before they occur.
Residence Life can use this project to explore student interactions and develop social involvement initiatives.
Using midi file format to improvise music from lead sheets.
Identify a prescription with only a photo
Voice controlled (via Amazon Echo) IoT Raspberry Pi hub that enables communication with non-IoT devices.
How does a presidential debate affect a candidate's campaign for presidenc?
Road trip app that shows weather conditions at upcoming locations.
See more than yourself in a mirror.
Tilt VR is a puzzle game where your hands are the controller, made for the Oculus Rift with LeapMotion in Unity.
Crawl users profile on request and see how they have recently felt about the top political candidates
The word is meme so it should be about me :)!
Find the positive and negative tone of articles throughout New York Times history
Helping people stay accountable for their money by providing intuitive and ubiquitous financial tools
Save money for your wishlist and get rewarded
App that allows to see you what other are playing music around
Determine the best team of pokemon
Building intelligent bot to control and monitor home devices via Skype and Kik
How can we create a more joyful experience by navigating with pictures.
Metal Head LA Tour Guide
The email blaster chat bot that sends up to 2,000 emails to anyone in just a few minutes.


EnerGE, our work is electrifying
Predict your energy production for increased management capacities.
Export metadata in excel sheet.
Generates a Kerf compensated DXF file to produce laser cut parts with dimensions that match your drawings geometry.
Secure and convenient way to hold collateral when borrrowing and lending.
A fun and interesting way to view and plan your travel itinerary with VR.
A quick, affordable method to print braille.
Create the best possible passenger centric experience in a bad situation when a flight gets cancelled or delayed.
A simple combination of a stress ball, desktop buddy, and hug-tracker. Plus, we've got mobile/computer apps!
An AI that utilizes a NEAT neural network to play Tron
Printer operation and control engine - A web-based ui for DLP technology 3d printers.
Use Amazon Alexa to keep track of your Nerfgun battle
Collaborative Music Creation
The problem is that registration isn't catered for a student's path to graduation. The solution: manage it that way.
peer to peer micro-loaning using bitcoin to experiment with interest accumulation
Events Simplified.
The future of playing music without having to decide what music you want. It all happens automatically. For you.
Use ultrasonic vibration to decrease drag on a ship in order to burn less fuel
Big data, small group
Use your favorite spotify playlist as your workout coach
Hear a song you like while tuned in to your favourite radio station? Add it to your Spotify playlist with one click!

Eco Rangers is a location-based augmented reality multiplayer game designed to promote eco-friendly behaviors
We tried.
A platform designed specifically for the management and discovery of University Clubs from all across the U.S.
Delivering Needs
Charity Coins is a new technology which allows charity organizations to embed a Bitcoin miner into users web browser
Aggregates and summarizes, using NLP, a classroom's worth of notes into key concepts to inform the college student.
We'll save your wallet!
Laundry Done Quack wishes to optimize students time by allowing them to know when there are open laundry machines.
Eases connectivity with people you have lost contact with
Student Insight provides honest information about colleges for students, from students.
Unite and better communities through collaborative projects
An app geared towards helping homebuyers pick ideal locations for their next home sweet home.
Chat Planner is a chat bot engine that identifies travel conversations and turns them into actionable plans.
StudyLink is a dynamic platform to connect students and study groups, facilitating learning.
The most cost efficient way for farmers to monitor and track their livestock.
Get medical care, fast. Input your location, and we'll do the rest.
Augmented Reality dashboard version of Yahoo Finance
Ever wish you could talk to your money? Well now you can, with Budget Vocality.
Never miss your stop on a long commute with a GPS based alarm

cooperative multiplayer Pokemon Go meets fantasy role playing game
Find the best credit card to use. Simple and Upsell
Too lazy to look for parking? This app will do it for you!
Budgeting application that analyses trends in spending patterns/behaviours and provides financial budgeting advice.
An enhanced sport viewing experience
A connected device that ensures you take your medicine on time, every time!
The smart travel agent assistant
Today's moments is tomorrow's memories
Automate your living space for less $$$. Winner of "Best Hardware" at HackRice 6.
A hack for hackathon hackers.
Flight Search made viral
Drill Seargant Alexa guides you through your daily home-workout routine. Just say "Alexa, start training.".
A radio channel and mood detector based on what people are sharing on Twitter #nowplaying
Live video effects controlled by Seaboard
Self Awareness Leads to Wellness
Real Time Crowd Source Jamming Platform
Voice others
Bluetooth Messaging
See GitHub projects related to ones you already enjoy, zero-fuss!
G O A L S is a wearable light that attaches to any piece of clothing the athlete desires
Lets Communicate! Signfree is a smart glove with embedded sensors to translate sign language into speech and text
Shadow Trainer is a real-time, efficient visual pacing tool for runners.
Not your Parent's Travel Recommendation System
Tired of boring commutes to work? Got a long trip ahead? Enjoy hearing new facts about all the places you DriveBy!
Swap all the bad words for all the nice ones.
Telegram bot that makes cheap travel planning a pleasure
Why develop a website with your keyboard when you could just use your voice?
Manage your containers with your voice
Akinator.com hacked into alexa
People with allergies are always asking "can I eat this?". Now Alexa can tell you based on your allergens profile.
Give users the ability to report embarassing or taboo events anonymously
Realtime graphing of twitter happiness
A new way to play music
TravelAlexa is an audio guide, which works everywhere. Through Twilio you basically can ask Amazon Alexa everything.

A dashboard, displaying data received from Capital One's Nessie API, which is being manipulated by voice controlls
Secure tamper proof server. Could be used by whistleblowers and journalists to hide controversial articles.
Quick, cross-platform payments, via NFC
Control your Docker containers with voice and monitor their health on Facebook Messenger and Slack.
Colorful noise cube
Bringing key game moments to visually impaired fans via haptic feedback
Experience the thrill of being inside a virtual escape room, where you find your way out based on clues provided!
I made a domain. Servers take 48 hours to update . I didn't have 48 hours. I had much, much less.
Discover how users will comment on your tracks
food interacting with a physical model of a bar
Phones are sweet, but they slowly destroy our posture everyday. Posture helps keep your spine health in mind everyday
Pay using facial recognition
for both the drunk and the sober
Geolocation based productivity app to change the game of workspaces and productivity
LED pressure-sensing gloves enhance the fan experience and improve the atmosphere,making everyone able to Lit the Day
Rescue teams are placed in dangerous situations and a mapping autonomous drone would aide them in helping more people
Seamlessly listen to music with someone else over the web.
An innovative tool for the collaborative creation of art in real time.
University student-friendly Blood Alcohol Concentration calculator
Beacon that activates when experiencing a free fall due to a crash. Sends out GPS to a host device.
Use Machine Learning to automatically estimate house prices based on available data
A Password Manager which creates extremely strong passwords, requiring a single password and stores nothing on disk
The greatest thing since sliced bread!
Web based game, developed to test your speed skills in matching colors.
Did you ever had the chance to experience all of the news happening in the whole world in a single page? News in Maps
An AI curator for the beautiful pursuits in life
Bridging the gap between smart home appliances and smart watches
A hands free Pebble application that is always watching out for you.

Combining the functional elegance of desktop gaming with the versatility of mobile devices.
learn, share, build ......together
Harness the wasted thermal energy from human bodies to store and produce electricity.
A web app to inspire users to interact positively online with friends
A navigation app aimed at the ASD & disabled community
Lightning fast and life-saving notebook with intelligence for quick thinkers.

A proof of concept that allows users to privately input text via Virtual Reality Helmet by scrambling key locations
Gain intelligent insights from YouTube videos
Jordan, Jordan, Killian
Reimagining sport fan engagement with Virtual Reality and Personal Artificial Intelligent System
The all-in-one Phil Knight Invitational app for every user.
The easiest way to locate bike messengers to send important packages/documents by using a simple WebPage and iOS App.
To help prevent Cyber Bullying one step at a time.

Cutting edge smart home automation identifies friend, foe and unknown visitors, and the home responds appropriately.
Social media Web App that focuses on images and events. The app uses Clarifai to further sort the images by category.
In the world of technology, everything happens fast. Sometimes too fast.  Slow down with the student crafted Oculax.
A website dedicated to online information transparency and privacy.
An unconventional music playlist maker
A Competitive Turing Test Game
Making abstract art interactive
A web app that recognizes any celebrity on your screen just by their picture.
a multiplayer racing game using websockets
Interactive Story
Android Application that maps out the fastest path to the next terminal.
Track locations during a game of manhunt.
There's a way to get your teachers to listen to you- get your grammar out of the way first
Stats-PR is a web application which makes statistics ATTRACTIVE
Music sharing
Quackcon 2016f Hackathon Project
We aim to protect and preserve athletic performance gear with an aesthetic and efficient approach
Airplanes have flight recorders, cars have onboard diagnostics, so why not buildings? Smart Bricks are the solution!
The COLI for Everyone Else
A math educational game
Smart Vent Solution
Uploads from json to database web wizard
Easy chef is a VR application to get people engaged in cooking easy and healthy recipes.
A easy to use security system for people of all abilities. Uses image recognition and contacts to identify visitors
Making the web comprehensible.
We watch Facebook, so you don't have to
Correlating sentiment to news articles to predict stock performance.
Sentiment Analysis to Improve Teaching
A chrome extension/iPhone app that makes watching videos a fast process, while also providing a learning experience.
Our chrome plug-in Rooky will black out images and remove content that relates to custom or pre-set trigger words.
DUBMAPS is a unique data visualization tool to help people see whats going on around campus and get engaged.
A visual alarm clock for the hearing impaired.
RemiBot is a Facebook Messenger chatbot equipped to track and visualize your mental well-being over time.
1/3 of the world's food is wated. And 16% of that is in South America. We want to stop it!
SMS based browser that pulls visible text data from html websites
Educate people on helping victims during emergencies
This is the point cloud file format. The application creates point cloud file(.PLY) from Fusion software.
Programming web platform for Autodesk products (AutoCAD, Revit, Inventor and Fusion 360)
Finished !

Safety comes with technology, lets put it to work together !


A single, holistic platform to create a path out of homelessness

Samaritan is a web app that supports the community by matching an individual's needs with supportive programs
All of the relevant information you need about the homeless, all displayed aesthetically and simply.
We use live updated data systems to track the homeless and to provide financial counsel to Bounce Back on their feet.
Find out what the best part of Bruceteria is
A digital spot to better serve homeless and at-risk clients
Your one-stop-shop for eradicating homelessness.
An app for landlords to help their tenants avoid evictions
Like penguins we are better off working together to solve our social issues.
Use blockchain tech to end homelessness via data
Our MVP of an HMIS provides a state of the art prevention capability designed to keep people in their homes.
ScoobyDooIt
We'll upgrade your screwdriver to an electric screwdriver for free

JOYN platform enables real time collaboration between CoC organizations and their clients.

Foundation provides user accessibility through compassionate, connective software in order to end homelessness..
It is like GoFundMe but for people at risk of losing their homes.
Data gathering tool that helps the homeless and COC with useful information.

A way for believers to easily access today's Daily Office and check the current Church calendar.
It is tough to create a herringbone gear on fusion 360 so i created this app to create it with ease.
an accessible Alexa skill for people to discover the Bible
Hands-free DJing for the music of the future
Job posting website for local musicians
Passive notifications for when local laws go into effect.
A tutoring and mentorship platform for Rutgers Students developed at HACKRU 2016!
Expand the Existing Moses Rod 3D Game Programming Tutorial for Kids & Teens to include RPG Inventory & Quests
AI driven health monitoring that serves as a companion to patients & adds a social dimension to digital healthcare.
An AR app for the 3D visualization of chemical molecules
Interactive Mobile Teller and Advisor.
Our project is an Android-based app that cracks smiles with cute cats, inspirational quotes, and a Halloween theme!
Give your cat treats when you're not at home!
Telemedical solution to diagnosis of retinal disease
Breaking the Language Barrier
A bike lock that infoms the user when their bike is being stolen and can be used to prevent bike theft.
Sym-Metrics is a news platform that leverages cutting edge machine learning to filter articles by bias and factuality
Mobile application designed to make commuting safer.
AquaSource provides both cheap hardware to determine water quality and crowd sourcing of that water quality info.
Bringing innovative collaboration and infrastructure back to York


Never gonna give you up
As college students, we designed a mobile platform that helps students feel more secure when going out to drink
Cat Chat discourages online harassment by providing a chat room which rewards positive speech through cat gifs.

This messaging platform is designed to reduce harassment by letting users know when what they said could be harmful.

Remember those great games you used to spend your time on like paper toss on iOS? Well, How about life scale in VR?
Powering the winds of education
To help young adults make the smarter decisions to avoid pooer decisions
Let Coders Be Coders and Designers Be Designers
Imagine if you could learn to see without your eyes and understand the world through touch.
Connecting organizations and local businesses for philanthropic fundraising partnerships.
A mobile app that analyzes your speech and helps you improve as a public speaker.
Is a device that schedules a users prescriptions through Echo and fully understands the ramifications of the drugs
ConTroll allows users to instantly filter out unpleasant and offensive mentions on twitter in one click!
A tool to prevent your inner hacker from being caught
Detect huntington disease early using advanced testing and machine learning analytics
Jesus wear face, God word on your smartwatch
Keep track of your digital footprint.
A demo for a game about getting stranded in space
database-driven, account-based iOS app that monitors the web for user supplied textbooks and alerts them of deals
Enhance people's life, on going scientific research
Virtual PacMan, but as a cat with a halloween candy theme
Expresso is a place where you can express yourself to other users who can help you when youre feeling down.
Password manager using keyboard dynamics and machine learning algorithms instead of a master password
Traditional interviews are the thing of the past. Prepare for future interviews on our innovative platform.
(For Kiosk) This "App" will show a photo sphere street view of New Brunswick city, in order to reach your destination
Hassle-free, verbal, two factor authentication using Amazon Echo.
Trick or treat? Find the best candy near you!
A hands-on coding tutorial that lets kids program and drive an RC car through a drag and drop interface.
This app allows you to gain a further insight into your own social media feed.
An efficient means to holding trans-lingual conversations
Automatically detects when people come and go from an office environment.
A simple way for organize audition applications for community theaters, with the ability to sort, view, and print.
An application to help facilitate trade for those without smartphones by providing SMS payment processing.

A machine learning driven tool for detecting clickbait titles.
Save money while riding uber using UberCheap
A new form of light painting
Social Sneezing
An app designed as a life alarm system to forewarn its user of the dangers of exceeding normal heart rate thresholds
Looking for a fun, romantic adventure at Rutgers? Try dating a campus! That's right; a campus.
All the features you wished for free
Nora will help you manage your ultimate wish list -- all you have to do is text her.
When life's got you down, Buddy's always around.
Real time image translation for IOS devices
A webapp designed to simulate the consequences of a Rutgers student using SnapChat during the Halloween season
VR mapped with Camera motion
play any song from youtube with your echo
we're all doomed.... now we can be doomed in virtual reality!
Ensuring the safety of yourself and your peers has never been easier with SAFE.
Smarter autonomous vehicle parking
A log of how many lines of code you have written recently
It's a way to physically locate sketchy WiFi broadcasts
We are thinking of a new way to display Digital Out-Of-Home Advertisements based on the context and user.
Hanzo Simulator 2k16
Teaching CS with Rocket Science
A tool to visualize the relationships between characters in a story, along with character importance!
An augmented reality game set in a futuristic post-apocalyptic world.
Pong but better
You are an explorer wandering the vast land, that was once humanity's oyster reclaimed by the wild.
Journey through the post-apocalyptic water ruins in search for lost artifacts to rebuild your kingdom's power source
Octocat against hack harassment!
A.I. that aims to spread the truth about Jesus' life, God's word, and what the gospel means for mankind.

Shaft Component Generator for Fusion 360
Book and manage flights using just your voice using Alexa and Natural Language Processing
We make stock market risk management from a big data perspective

Smart Curtains are controlled from an app and open or close at the push of a button or at preset times of the day.
Din personlige guide p bilturen.
Write 3D Model from fusion to Collada (.dae) file.
Its tough to create the helical gear on fusion 360. So i thought i should create an add in for that and i did it.
A Fusion 360 Script automating creation of hole on cylindrical wall.
Fusion 360 App which creates custom screws by different parameters.
Cloud-based CFD simulation app to calculate control valve characteristic curves.
Simple and easy to use Metric Hex Nut Generator!
Dden p Nordlandsbanen og ellers hvor infrastruktur tar livet av dyr
How much money we pay to the state? YOU definitely need to know this!!
Spillapp der en jakter p historier fra folketro, opplever miljet der det oppsto og ser bevisene i kulturlandskapet.
An app that would allow you to voxelize your CAD models!
Spis problemet!
We want your feedback!
Automatizam jocul cu bila-n nisip.
We know how you feel
Find the cheapest generic drugs available that were prescribed to you. Same quality at a low-level price.
Generate rack gears with fusion 360!
Applikasjon for effektivt  analysere, oppdatere og overvke kunderegister
Hvor er bussen min?
En rask og enkel mte  hente ut tall som betyr noe for deg. Basert p lokasjon, interesser eller flelser.
3MF is dedicated format for 3D printing
when is a door not a door? (read the alt text on the image)
An efficient way to search highlighted text across various websites using a Google Chrome extension.
A discrimination map application
Breaking the ice, one word at a time.
A fun look into the daily life of a seemingly normal granny (feat. missing dentures & hungry children).

I have heard a lot about fusion 360 not having helix feature. So Here the app for you which would create an helix.

Ever got lost while riding your bike? Here's our way of solving it - all without taking your eyes off the road
An SMS client for the Monzo API with IBM Watson
An web app that can enable any internet connected devices to play songs simultaneously amplifying the sound.
Alexa for mute people: check your account balance, make payments and invest using Sign Language!
Offline SMS Web Browser
A diver instructor life sign reader to detect problems with students
Extensible app that allows teachers to deploy interactive chemistry lessons to students and get updates in real-time.
A wifi connected doorbell...
Alexa will generate and tell you a bedtime story
Let the computers see for us.
Share music live over the internet
A Business Oriented Task and Project Management System
Colouring the past
A dungeon crawler controlled by Amazon Alexa where you search out enemies to kill them
Safe Shader Scripting?
Blink controlled Flappy Brain
Find out who your real friends are in a wonderful game of Thrisbee
Aesthetically stunning virtual reality 80s style skateboarding game.

Location Based Advertising that uses a) bills uploaded by user & b) Calendar events  to generate personalized offers.
For things that you can't unsee

A world in your hand
Put your phone in a selfie stick and it becomes a golf club!
Creates a Portable Doc from fusion 360
Secure your immediate network
We are here to personalize the Learning Experience and to Maximize Student Growth
A hands-free interactive globe
Not able to find an ATM when you need it the most? Ask your bank to use our project!
communicates in real time an emergency
Es un sistema de semaforos capaz de agilizar el trafico de una interseccion

Aplicacion para validar la autenticidad de diversos documentos por medio de patrones.
You don't have to eat lunch at your desk
Connecting tourists with local guides
A system to find team mates
A mobile web app that uses computer vision to identify parasitic bugs
Fire extinguisher monthly checks are tedious - let's use the internet of things to make buildings safer
Being Safe when you walk

People depend on rules, lists and more. We take care of building the lists for all of your Jewish needs.
Create bill of materials with part thumbnails
Computes total area of painted faces
Create an object file of your design in a moment and share with anyone in a go.
With this application PCD file will be saved

Easy 3D Print Tracker is a simple app used for logging your 3D print times.
An add-in for Autodesk Fusion 360 which makes an array of bodies by cloning and transforming the selected bodies.

Lower workers compensation rates, increase accountability, and create a safer work environment for workers

A way to modernize the current standards for farm workers information through innovative web services and practices.
Our project will be a small scale health monitoring system for field workers.

Integrate editor capabilities to Excel. Write your formulas in a fully-fledged code editor instead of a single line!

Use Alexa to manage your medication schedule!
A Siri app like which is a guide, spoken in the person's language and is able to translate and scan docs..

Quickly generate 3D printable math functions to help visually impaired students understand the nature of mathematics.
To connect Established Australians and New Arrivals for a walk and talk to build empathy, one step at a time
Think of some phrase you'd like to hear from Obama, and we'll make it happen!
A motion sensing keyboard where you can play tracks generated from any midi music file
Find a hero to save the day - all from your Pebble watch!
Locking your bike is a hassle. What if you could do it from your phone?

How can we make virtual reality even more immersive? You extend the experience beyond just your vision and hearing.
An application to visualize income inequality in the US
A program that can analyze, identify, and graph spin (good - bad words), onomatopoeia, assonance, + alliteration.
MIDI tracks generated from ambient sound + random gifs that dance to the music.
Emote is an Alexa Skill geared towards users with developmental disabilities to help them manage emotions effectively

Solution for a better world
Find your dream-partner and achieve your wildest dreams!

A single location for people to post everything that they would want the next people in their shoes to know.
We bring communities together for gatherings and happenings by helping community members share events on a map.
A
A platform based on game that unifies the community and aids in the fight for hunger
Dar es mas que una plataforma es tu sentir con la comunidad
Para solucionar una problemtica social
Green initiative on VR oculus platform to educate people about sorting their waste products in a fun interactive way.
desarrollamos este sistema para la ayuda de una fundacion
An amazing fun filled app to motivate kids to be active, eat healthy, get fit and share with friends.
Studies show the social aspect of exercise compels us to do more than we would otherwise. Make your workout happen!
A low-cost alternative to complex overpriced wind tunnels
If you have a body, you are an athlete, come train with super athletes
Tracking criminals faces to taking the ultimate selfie, SwivelCam is an automated mount with countless applications!
Free online counselling sessions for mental health
A web service aimed mostly at university students to create a network of cooks and food for our users to discover.
Building inclusive communities through art and space
A platform to connect new Australians with career coaches, built for Techfugees Sydney 2016.
CAD Soup helps you collaborate
the silent speaker
A Maglev System Devoted to Energy Recycling, S.T.A.T.U.S. offers a practical and ecological solution to daily travel.
Automatically track medication adherence.
A makeover game that breaks gender-based stereotypes and teaches young girls how to code.
interactive virtual reality coding for kids
Let the party pick the playlist
Unleashing the all-seeing power of satellite imagery onto autonomous drones.

Accessible Prescription Labels
Farming Evolved.
Navigate the web and stay connected while taking charge of your mental health
jargone demystifies medical records to address the costs linked to provider-patient miscommunication.
Using RFID, EmBracelet improves the efficiency of medical assistance by immediately showing critical medical data.
iOS app for instantly determining whether a particular food item is safe for someone with Celiac's to eat
Take the first steps to securing your personal information

BuddyCade anonymously allows you to chat to and play multiplayer games with the people based on proximity.

This will use Amazon Echo's Alexa to play Jeopardy with a few interfaces for the players and "judge"
A website to help people with physical disabilities access quick help
Research proves loneliness leads to depression. Generation2U solves this problem by connecting boomers & millennials.
A voice-controlled Reddit browser.
Customizable Weather Communicator
Like Bomberman... but with geese
We bring reliable medical alert technology to the masses
A web-based Arduino IDE
A modular remote sensing system that scans agricultural and environmental data and gives real time feedback.
Remember Missile Command. We made it 3D! Check it out!
Why do professors who are not artists try to draw 3D figures on 2D boards? Connect Students to VR and teach in 3D.
Developing a safe, efficient and inexpensive way to detect when something is on
An app that responds your calls and texts so that you can drive safely
When seconds count . . . Our App makes the difference !
Make your lunch automatically.
An App that allows experts to connect with those needing help. Anyone can be an expert, and anyone can get help!
Check on the world's and certain country's moods based on current events
Emerency notifications - everywhere at once
Manual labor and transportation present heavy energy costs in today's society that need to be addressed. Enter IoT
On your next journey, be informed, be safe, take SafePassage.

face recognition
Let Python generate geese for you, watch them die the next day, or take over the world!
Come search for gooses with me!
Music generation and learning made easy by machine learning.
Auto tagging SEO for wordpress posts
A game where you have to hunt gees in virtual reality
Don't mess with the geese or the geese will mess with you
Here at GeeseHub, we are injecting you with a daily dose of geesy gooseness
Motir  um sistema de horizontalizao do debate poltico universitrio e facilitador da participao ativa de todos
Balls that squeal like a seal (a goose)
How to learn research ethics in a simple and ludic way
Ever wanted to fly like a goose? Now you can!
Utilizing the plethora of information that social media provides  we are able to crowd source detrimental events
A relevant, actionable data channel between doctor and patient.
An easier way to give.
An app that auto generates an for the appropriate authority in charge of road management based on your area.

Ever wake up too early or too late? nTime regulates your alarm time based on the traffic and weather around you.
A python script which resets any connections seen from a targetted address
a fun challenging platformer game
Super Solar is a data analytics application that makes predictions on the ouput of solar panels in various locations.
A quick and simple way for students to sign into class and helps teachers avoid the hassle of taking attendance.
An application and service that flags, mitigates online harassment and maintains a repository of habitual offenders
Hacking hunger and homelessness with design and data
A productivity app with a specialization in environmentally conscious challenges.
A web app that makes keeping track of splitting costs easy
An innovative way to exchange electroninc business cards
Pokemon Go for adult fitness - uses Fitbit API to track fitness with levels,challenges based on physical activities
Uma maneira de integrar pesquisadores dentro de sua prpria universidade
Connecting hobbyist RC wing flyers to an easy to use tool to design a manufacturable wing planform file output
Defend the neighborhood from vicious zombie clowns, and hey--burn some calories while you're at it!
Uma plataforma de transparencia de informacoes relacionadas a licitacoes e obras publicas de uma forma clara e direta
Cubes VR is a virtual reality program where you can stack, create, and play with cubic boxes in a virtual environment
Stay healthy through ages

Imagine exploring a blended world compromising virtual and real elements, and all at just a hand-wave away!
Use Alexa or your Pebble smartwatch to track and identify changes to your room via your webcam
Instantly technify any picture.
A Game for Education of Multinational Culture
Modern students use a dispersed combo of online services to get A's. UGA Notes brings all those tools under one roof.

An eye in the sky in the world of forest fires.
If there's a large change in humidity in the atmosphere, our drone flies and investigates the area
Slash greenhouse gasses, headaches & unnecessary traffic
Crowd-sourced reviews that provide information on accessible spaces for businesses and service providers
Bringing a flexible drone down to the water
Replacing the walking cane for the visually impaired.
Negative words are turned into positive words, so that we are encouraging others rather than bringing them down
Making mental health tracking, analysis and care easier than ever before.

Using Amazon Echo to learn about heart.
Dental hygiene is a key component of lifelong health. Our project makes brushing something to look forward to!

A two-part tool to help agricultural and energy farmers keep away pests (completed) and make decisions (in progress).

Find your ideal politician

Android app that allows its user to identify the use and dosage of a prescription drug by taking a picture of it.
catch a ride with your friends that will vote at the same polling location as you
A virtual reality exercise system that motivates people to exercise by making it engaging, enjoyable, and effective!
s(ASP) program to generate UTD course schedules directly from coursebook
Banking reimagined in AR
Created an accurate representation of today's societal issue of bullying and improved upon it with data and solutions
Public use device charger powered through renewable means
Cataloging your recycling habits. Share, compare, and compete!
A device to help correct the foot drop gait in affected people
All forms of Hate are as good as any other. They are all wrong.
Home Automation Flux Solution
App for ACM Ofiice
VoiceIQ is an intelligent cloud hotline that breaks the cross-platform, omni-channel communications barrier.
A very basic email client for the Nintendo 3DS
Let the lights in your home do the work.
Web-based chat app with translation; makes use of Echo and Amazon Alexa

Rapid detection of skin based pathologies through novel computer vision technology
Its a Hollywood hacking simulator on the HTC Vive
Daily pulse of your community
This project is aimed at helping individuals staying alone at home during medical emergencies.
System that involves that provides diagnosis for mood disorders given symptoms.
Optimizes triage in onsite work clinics
Imagine an entire, everchanging museum and gallery of your closest frientds, all in virtual relaity.
Game developed for Pebble during Hack The Hill 2016
unity vr crime data visualizer
Rapid diagnostic tool for diseases using DNA amplification technologies

Structured categorization of medical images using radiology reports: building the next ImageNet for radiology
Next-gen personal assistant for managing chronic disease
An omni channel web application to increase customer confidence in making financial decisions
Life is hard.   Banking with First National can be a snap!
Avoiding lifelong vision impairment while reducing clinician visits in the third-world, and beyond
A Risk Advisory Dashboard for cost-effective resource allocation and planning in response to mosquito-borne disease
Virtual Reality Banking Experience
a real-time patient booking and patient-delivery system

Find Lower Cost Drugs and Health Insurance!
Continuous Rewards for customers who qualify and encourages multiple services at First National Bank.
Tattle Battle encourages users to hold their peers accountable for words spoken online with real rewards.

letsPlay is a web app that turns your smart phone into a multiplayer connected game controller.
MEET for airberlin is a mobile app designed to connect you with fellow traveling professionals.

Apply for electronic travel visas while booking a flight from the AirBerlin app.

A connected intercom for the internet of things - Do everything your intercom can do from your phone via a chat bot.
Our fridge goes berserk! Calm it down before it's too late...
IoT device that detects malicious activity performed from your network and prevents botnet attacks.
SolarKohli is a witty bot that educates you about solar in a humorous way.
We are a lead generation platform using AI to monitor the market requirement for Solar Energy.

Project demonstrates PV potential using GIS mapping for rooftops in Delhi & financial analysis of the system

Let's Make America Great Again!
A revolutionary app that will change contemporary shopping by eliminating waiting lines and automating payment
Ending online harassment, one Tweet at a time.
A simple motivational and encouragement app that helps curb online harassment.
Optimizing the path between your next two points
Bernie Sanders vs Donald Drumpf RPG in the year 2024
Reach your goals by documenting your journey in a series of photographs
A collection of mini games for Google Cardboard aimed to help people with ADHD practice focus and memory.
Develop an augmented reality environment where autistic children engage in activities to develop behavioral skills

A facial recognition service to help autistic people better recognize emotions
Schedule your washing time via our bot to never wait before an occupied machine and easy pay via face recognition.
Bot Sort uses machine learning and robotics to efficiently sort materials for better reuse in recycling.

Report lost pets in your area via a Google Map-based mobile application. Users are able to search for lost pets.
A basic game of snake
A simple personal assistant bot
Our project redefines the way we experience music.
finds next number in sequence
For All Your Club Searching Needs

An application that analyzes train data to predict delays in advance.
Real-Time Risk Management Solution for Stocks
A webapp that can recognize sign language and interact with it allowing for various applications
Put money up for ransom, and get it back when you hit your fitness goal. Make groups and invite your friends!
We have created an automated assistant to provide technical support to users of 1&1 cloud servers.
"Hauptsache es macht Spass", thought to the digital world from tomorrow
an app to make spending time at the airport fun, as well as provide useful information.
An app that encourages patients to actively participate in clinical trial
Financial Security, Together
LARS is an inexpensive, real-time, noninvasive apparatus for measuring in-vivo lactic acid concentration.
Stop Lingering! Start Focusing!
Recognizes your change in emotions and provides feedback accordingly
Snap your receipt -> get paid from your friends. It's that easy.
Reflecting your digital emotions
Travel Chest plans your whole trip based solely on your budget. Submit a budget, choose a package, book and enjoy!
Blurs your screen so your heart wont fade by making you stay active!
We are your pitch guru. We find out when the audience was listening and which words made them lose their interest.
Be aware of how much $$$ you have with cute plants that represent the health of your wealth!
Keep yourself safe in this period of chaos!
Your face as a password!
A Facebook Messenger Bot to interact with 1&1's Cloud Server
An educational tool for helping new investors learn about the stock market with a machine-learning simulation.
An Mixed Reality(AR+VR) mobile app to enhance the experience of customers visiting media market and saturn outlets.
A web app to help students find housing near their university
Your portal to everything outdoor!
Lets stop living a lie
Mobile Tape Measure with Maxim Pegasus Cortex board - easier handyman-style tasks completed in minimal time.
Tired of not knowing what products are in your kitchen? Let us help!
What if you couldn't help but love your alarm?
Smart playlists for the road
A chatbot for personal finance
Hello, my name is Bearmax, your personal healthcare companion. I instantly diagnose your ailments through Messenger.
Using a genetic algorithm to draw pictures using circles
Chrome extension that reports bias in articles via NLP and generates author profiles through IBM Alchemy Watson API.
Make the visually impaired more independent and equipped to deal with information propagated through visual means.
Our platform collects and visualizes data to address discrimination against minority communities to inspire change.
Nonstandard techniques to approximate and understand stock markets
If you can think it, you can SketchIt!
A small program that can take text and store it securely inside of an image without changing the size of the file.
Multiplayer game engine created for the RGB LED keys on Corsair keyboards.
Facilitating children from Rural Areas connect with like minded children from the cities and learn from varied topics
BarBot is a revolutionary and automated robotic bar with a fun system for ordering and serving beverages!
We combined three hottest things out there right now: blockchain, slack and twillio
An automatic stock market trading tool by implementing an algorithm using Alteryxs API to analyse data from Nasdaq
To effectively enable Self Help Groups to repay the loans on a timely basis by an alert system
A mirror that displays the weather, time, social media, the news and nearby events
Investments simplified.
Spot-a-friend's goal is to allow the visually-impaired to see the world and its people a little more clearly.
Learn to remember far beyond what you could have imagined, simply by walking through a virtual world

We do support children who are being affected by HIV/AIDS
Wearable Augmented Reality Device to help the deaf see visually what the other person is saying.
The only mirror you'll ever need as a student!
Visualize and analyze the use of the MVG bikes based on open data
Discover trending domain names with ease
A smart assistent that guides you through the stessful situation after a car crash.
A boxing wearable that tracks your punches in real-time.
treasure hunt through a city, chasing a drone - Project for HackaTUM
A very cheap and easy to use smart-fridge. Never forget to do your groceries again!
TagMunich helps maintaining the city and receiving rewards
FeetFit is an IoT-enabled device that scans your feet to attain measurements & characteristics for a perfect shoe fit
Break out of your filterbubble
Gamified process mining with machine learning
Your personal Driving Assitant
Virtualingo is a Virtual Reality experience designed to teach people foreign languages and cultures.
Generate the dankest memes, complete with images and text, with our machine-learned meme model
Get your stocks displayed right to your keyboard.
A simple and compact way of micromanaging the condition of your house.
solve
Universe Visualization using google places data
Guaranteed to make you 200% better at Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare.
A single location for a person to plan their agriculture self-sufficiency.
An app to help decipher street parking signs to determine if you are safe to park there.
An app to help people reflect on their lives' past moments and live consciously for their future.
See the names and profiles of hackers around you with the power of augmented reality.
We use Microsoft's HoloLens and Cognitive Services API to detect facial expressions for people with autism.
Make America Great Again and BUILD A WALL in 12 hours
Combat harassment. Find allies. Protect communities.
An app that allows the user to
Visualization of Marketing Campaigns and demographic data for insurance companies
Crystal Ballin predicts future NBA game scores
Personalized ads billboard. Targeted storytelling based on what it sees from you.
YouTube Powered by Machine Learning and Computer Vision
Combine /giphy for Slack and Timehop for Facebook, but for Twitter
An electronic banjo that teaches you how to easily play
iRobot Create 2 controller and analyzer & much more
Wine to us, we'll give you a cheese. Whine to us, we'll give you a cheesy pick me up.
So you can be unafraid of fraud
An asteroid visualizer built on Unity with JPL's Small Bodies Database
ClassMoney is an app that reward prize points for high school and middle school students based on their grades.
Fixing the broken values & logistics of today's agricultural markets through crowdsourcing
Use Vitech APIs to Chart Informat
Alexa only has developers updating what she knows. Ask Alex is a community of people who make alexa grow and learn.
Apply the style of great painters to your facebook photos
A consulting solution that verifies customers and conducts risks analysis.
Make deep and poetic caption for your intelligent Facebook page
Introducing dv8, the most reliable stock-value predictor using regression models and risk/sentiment analysis.
Your Daily Medication Assistant
A health and wellness app for students to track results and analytics for their health.
A cognative approach to speech-to-text note taking for the inquisitive mind.
A smart alarm clock that's aggravating in all the right ways.
Like the detective, but not just at 221B Baker Street
Just park it. We got a spot for you.
Cross platform, entirely web based rendering and gamepad interpreting VR technology
A wireless neural network, aggregating data from multiple media platforms and pretending to be human
Ever wanted to play Pacman with your friends? Wanted to do it in the real world? Now you can!
App to detect harassment and hate speech for hackathon, product and companies on Twitter
"A bot with a heart"
Optimal peer-to-peer network for international money transfers. Enables immigrants to affordably send money home.
IoT saftey pin calls the cavalry when you need 'em. Inspired by #SafetyPin.
Control presentations with your voice, online. Move slides, look for keywords, and even find specific images.
Valuable, but cheap glasses
If you're sad, FeelyBot will make you glad.
Transfer files with sound
A smart budgeting application that uses location to send you notifications when you approach a bad spending habit.
Added an interface for Jibo to read your emotions and respond accordingly. Just like family
Visualize real-time data from sensors to easily find an available spot for parking, studying, and much more.
Swing is a iPhone and  Web Platform that ranks the speed of your swing using the iPhones gyroscope located at the
Procedural generated music from transcription libraries
Snapshop is a  innovative experience that will revolutionize on the go shopping from taking a simple picture.
it's an AR based ecommerce app that allows user to RECOGNIZE a product,TRY it on and FEEL its material with Haptics.
Pay 10% of the cost of an item for a 10% chance of winning it.
Linking social media platforms through a single interaction
Hide or highlight social media posts that might be harassment.
Prevent device fingerprinting with a easy to use browser addon
Climate change is real and it is happening right now! We need to work collectively together and stop procrastinating!
I didn't choose for PACT,  PACT chose for me.
Play blackjack with friends with Alexa as the dealer!
Autonomously monitor harassment on Twitter
An web application that allows customer design a practical travel plan by simply drawing on a map
Finding and booking cheap flights is now as easy as sending a text message.
A helmet that keeps track of movement data, will send an alert if helmet receives a hard hit.
Social impact bond implemented on Ethereum
Automated, artificial intelligence customer service solution for airlines and airports.
Beat the system. Park in the garage.
foodPool incentivizes you for  helping your friends get food from the same restaurant that you are going to!
Facebook Messenger bot that allows you to search for jobs based on your inputted skill set.
A travel based recommendation web application that recommends you places to visit and helps plan journeys.
An easy and fun way to form team at Hackathons
A hyper-involved fighting game using your phone and computer.
A Facebook Messenger Bot that organizes group events and generates plane trip itineraries on the go.
Telepathic Tesla. Control a Tesla with your mind!
A simple and elegant solution to facilitate group exercising and fitness motivation.
We show how rises in sea level will lead to financial losses and losses in housing stock.
Finding you the best food deals in your area
A modern way to track trails for hiking/biking
Instead of having to use Venmo and input both a friend and the amount of transaction, why not do both with a finger?
Un bot que en base a reconocimiento de imagen, o una lista de ingredientes, te recomienda posibles recetas a preparar
This program checks a users tweets and his/her friends tweets for cyberbullies.
A client-to-client file transfer webapp
AbsentA's allows you to catch up on missed classes through quizzes created from an audio recording of the lectures.
easy payment system for hosts throwing personal events like parties
Spoof of Soylent - In addition to replacing meals, you can replace human interaction now too!
It moves a wafer box 3 feet from any two points and starts with a button and sops with a proximity sensor!
A smart nutrition tracker with a personality.
ClinSense uses predictive analytics to manage and reduce patient dropouts in clinical trials
Using IBM Watson to predict if your stock portfolio is bullish or bearish
A companion mental health application for veterans using machine learning
Resume App for VandyHacks
Multicontacto inteligente que puede bloquear la corriente electrica selectivamente a los aparatos electricos
A robotic sketch artist
Es un proyecto donde tratamos de resolver la concientizacin del cyberbullying por medio de un Bot en Telegram
UN DRON QUE MAPEA UNA ZONA O UNA AREA NO APROVECHADA Y DECIDE SI ES MAS VIABLE UTILIZAR ENERGIA EOLICA O SOLAR
Visio brings computer science to life by creating a code visualization platform for introductory students.
The most retro game ever
Plan a road trip and find the nearest hotels, restaurants, and attractions to visit on your route!
red social que fomenta el ahoro de manera comunitaria ("")
A self-contained android-rooting machine!
Track your nutrition without thinking about it
A Chrome extension that prevents a buildup of a million tabs by bringing them back to you later - when you need them.
Hiding unwanted YouTube comments
A novel way to visualize global weather data.
Customer interface for creating jobber jobs for delivering coffee
We've built a Professor who uses AI to teach students through augmented reality
Brining change using data vizualizations
It's an infrared sensor that fits on a baseball cap that can tell if a driver has fallen asleep at the wheel.
A hurricane simulator to estimate cost and death tolls depending on path and category
Flight Pal helps an Air Berlin passenger at the airport find info on city, food, uber rideshare and travel partner.
Game to educate for the future
Augmented reality movie trailers and information via Google Cardboard VR
A fun and competitive way to get into basic cryptology
The pull-up partner combines fitness and technology to bring your pull-up game to the next level!
Big Data Disaster Response Website
Missile Command, in 3D.
A series of short interactive screens that provide happiness!
An interactive project of mini games designed to help young dyslexic kids learn to read and write.
A puzzle game loosely based on Stranger Things involving multiple dimensions
A visualization of the most demanding problems in 15112, including list alias, recursion and backtracking.
Fire Emblem for Python
Easier life, tighter community
An exploration of pygame and the pymunk physics engine
cool
With a green object and your camera, create your own music.
How influential is the media?
Cozmo plays Poker!
Shoot guns, kill zombies, profit

Enabling the Field Service Engineer with Digital Twin and to initiate part repair through Mixed Reality in Hololens
Predix IIoT to Fight Piracy on board ships.
A smart dashboard and operation scheduler to optimize machines or devices based on price and energy efficiency.
The industrial bot connected to the predix platform that assists field engineers
Harness the power of the Digital Twin to augment power plant planning using the complete GE product catalog.
Automatically dispatch service teams based on sensor data and dynamic geolocation mapping

Make it easy for farmers to access markets, warehousing and inspection, speed up time to market and reduce losses

go nuts!


Creating a platform for you to own a farm
A web platform for enlightening farmers on modern technology
Security Footage Processor and Real Time Alert System
We modeled Fiber expansion in NYC in 2014 and 2015, looking at demographic and market predictors of Fiber expansion
map where the kids need wifi
Broadband in NYC

A visualization website that raises awareness of the drought issue in CA and a chatbot that incites a call for action
Help installers & customers reduce solar costs & find each other by using big data to create a probability of buying
Safenger is an iOS application that minimizes cyber bullying by giving users actions to respond to harmful messages.
Blocks websites that publish fake news, and hides their posts on Facebook.
Translate your TypeScript code to Scala, because you've always wanted to

VR visualization of a day's worth of gun violence
Laundry labels annoy you? Now you can get rid of them with our app!
Our app eliminates the language barrier while texting messages with each other.
Promoting development for Small Businesses & Neighborhoods like yours!
Can you "see" a world where everyone is able to accurately diagnose Alzheimer's disease without expensive technology?
Predict train delays before you suffer them!
Personal view on the loneliness of the moon
This is your conscience speaking.
Turn a long and boring train ride into an amazing time with friends
A tool that clinicians can use to help interpret ECGs and differentiate between arrhythmias.
Boosting productivity by enabling people to reach their full keyboard typing potential.
Our dog collar helps senior citizens to take care of their dog for as long as possible.
Enhance your murder parties with sensors triggering spooky events!
Discourage packaging food, encouraging healthy receipies
#JustBuildIt #HackTheAlps
Smart Recycler uses computer vision to physically sort recyclable items from non-recyclable items.
Coolest system for controlling you beer in the fridge

A smart bin that automatically sorts trash into recyclables and non-recyclables and notifies authorities when full.
Check which products from Migros catalog are missing from OpenFood database
How happy are you at events?

Pause your music when you take your headphones off or someone says your name
Live stream sentiment analysis
Emojis behind your food.
Survive in the modern world with all your dietary restrictions.

Gaming gear lights up to your emotions. Feedback to devs about how the player feels.
Non-intrusive, notifications regarding cheap trips abroad catered to your interests, right in your Google Calendar
Automatically generating instrumental music for given lyrics
use axa's iot coins to make an online escape room experience

LauzHack 2016 project
Google Analytics for the real world! Get demographics and sentiment of people in front of your ads at public places.
Convert any song into a music video made of relevant gifs
Rubber-band gun that shoots you if you look too happy
Allowing users to find a safe space online.
Enable researchers and students to use professional latex typesetting and a shared whiteboard to exchange ideas.
Adventure just got easier.
Cast spells to defeat the other houses in this challenging geo-based magical experience
Screenshots that aren't fossilized
#facebook#posts#machinelearning#choose#best#photo#to#post
An app that allows law enforcement units to rapidly respond to emergencies
A new way to add an extra layer of authentication to your accounts.
Donate to a charity whenever you browse a distracting website!
A tactile storybook for children to feel the images and be immersed in the tasks.
PushMe.me fosters collaborative goal achievement by connecting users with encouraging meme communication channels
An app that measure's your social media impact and indicates to you when and how often you share info you shouldn't.
a framework for network exploitation
Sensor networks, algorithms, and artificial intelligence will soon have the control while we continue to observe.
Saving lives and making sure YOUR glass is always half full.
Analyzing facial emotions in for better feedback.
A simple and easy way to bridge the gab between students and mentors
HackTeams organizes users into teams for hackathons using a machine learning algorithm that optimizes success.
A place for multiple games
Save money and the environment right now with what? Watt.
We tracked bike ID and used a direction API to predict a travelled path. A dot represents every bike taken or docked.
Navigation through stereoscopic computer vision
Internal positioning for everyone, in the style of Harry Potter
Helping people have healthy relationships with food.
Schedule Meddler is a web based application that will take any syllabus and transfer it to google calandar
Typing dynamics-based 2-factor authentication
Build communities. Practice your interview technical skills. Test your potential
SiteScrubber aims to reduce offensive language visible to website users by replacing offensive words/phrases
Connect with people with different opinions on a news article you are reading in real-time
Move Up enables people to find affordable housing in areas with high social mobility.
Get locations based on tweets
DreamGreen allows users to track their emissions, allowing them to control and reduce their carbon footprint.
The Super Alexa is an assistive technology - personal voice assistant
An iOS app that promotes environmental projects through crowdsourcing that will improve the environment.

A pregnancy tracker that will empower expecting mothers and facilitate their connection with the physician.
it's like a wand. You wave your hand around in the air and the robot does stuff for you.
Lending made simple.
Platform for exchange of services
AI powered search engine for piazza
A mobile app + hardware solution to let you share your car with other users and get paid instantly
An LED ring that will change color based on a speed set and has an  text notification if a certain speed is hit
Virtual piano and drum set made with Java
This website exhibits six live tiles each of which contain personalized student information for productivity
A fun math game for 2 people playing on the same machine.


Helping stadiums streamline queues and distribute crowds to get more product to all their fans
I spot it and there'll be less problems in Spotless
A chat bot that uses the Facebook messenger app that you can communicate with to pre-order food and more.
Buddy has your back; an economical, flexible way to locate high-value assets/people and allow them to call for help.
Smart bin solutions


Kitchen Which can THINK!


Smart Parking Disc On Your Mobile Device. Parking Events Statistics:  forecasting and info about parking places.



EC&RETAIL - ZALANDO - FASHION AS A SERVICE
Reinvent a child's and parents' hospital experience by making the whole process transparent and fun!

Resurrect kittens out of purrgatory
ChatBot that helps women through pregnancy using MyKanta data repository.
Bringing UPM's transport visualization to the next level - to increase customer loyalty!
Give us an URL, we will tell you if it is fake news.
Get your stuff in the blink of an eye! The eyeServant will pick up and deliver whatever you look at.
Rethinking of purchasing. New era of mobile purchasing in offline stores using NFC-tags

Your phone as a playlist of your tasks, our backend is to rearrange your tasks smartly to inclease your productivity.
A virtual assistant for the blind!
Improve Amazon shopping experience with Ethereum
Your personal fashion assistant
Like music to your ears. Literally.

A modular event driven approach to in-home care giving
ADDY is a revolutionary fun way to advertise. It takes wishes of both the users and the companies into account.

MukiTrump will make your morning great again!
Increase employee productivity, health and happiness through better sleep. Measure, motivate, track, regulate.
A window into another world. Connecting through the bus stop -see a smile, a wave or make a new friend for a minute.

A donate button based on the TransferWise API to make donating in different currencies cheaper for both parties.
Indoor navigation that optimize the shopping experience with least effort and maximum utilization of time
This Bot is developed to help people with vision difficulties by analyzing videos and describing their content
Tour planner for visit cities when you just have a few hours
Save the world by taking a solar leap - the easiest way
Microsoft Face recognition API for target advertising & cool features such as bus and traffic info.
The smartest Twitter bot that handpicks the best tweets around you
Getting problems fixed with a single picture.
Crowd sourced fact checking: stop the spread of misinformation!
How can we expand Virtual Reality by using extra elements like eye blink?
A smart webpage for minimizing electricity costs and carbon footprint
Turn on the light while you're still in bed? Wanna remove your exwife from the family pictures? We have the solution!


Tant offers you tailored clothing suggestions via Zalando based on your Deezer preferences and Instagram activity.
KAFFEED is the platform to boost MUKI with your favourite feeds from your friends, communities and partners.
By joining together humanity and buildings we perfectly suite and adopt living and work places for our needs.
Real-time tracking and arrival time estimation system of shipments
A dynamic fishing forecasting system, to empower companies, to tackle better capture strategies.
On demand self-driving buses using multi-parameter route optimizing aimed to help event and public transportation.

A simple endless runner representing a big metaphor and wrapped up in a beautiful environment.
NIC SDK helps you to keep your users connected when they have no internet connection.
Intelligent receptionist for all buildings (office, school, bank, hospital even veihcles)

What kind of planning and motivation do you need for your day ahead based on your Oura ring data? Omoura does it!
Seamless assistant for your Skype calls and chats

An interactive mini-game pairing up bus stops around the world.
IOT platform with cloud analytics for stores to provide efficient customer-friendly consulting and space optimization
Ask Alexa about your last nights' sleep, or for motivation to get up!
Reflexion is a social media analytic product providing analytic dashboards based on big data and machine learning
Shop smart not hard
KASTE tool can make J-P Erkkola the K-Rauta sales hero of the month
Improving the office experience by integrating smart buildings with biometric data.
Two factor authentication via facial mapping
We bring 1300 games to Skype and other messengers
Coolest location-based game ever, gamification of intelligent buildings, retail conversions, mobility and whatnot
Symptoms on the shelf, helpful for your health
An online portal for tracking the things you desire to do in life, while reducing the amount of research required.
Have you ever wondered how does you brain sound like? Brain.wav generates a song based on your brainwaves.
Phillips hue reacting to music and recognizing the genre being played and adjusting colors accordingly -Ace Of Hearts
Chrome extension for getting FoodStandardAgency's hygiene ratings for JustEat and HungryHouse take aways
A MIDI synthesiser for mechanical keyboard running on C.H.I.P computer and built in Pure Data.
Check in a hotel or odder room service using Amazon Echo and your mobile phone
Deal is an easy to use app that facilitates advertising for small businesses and deals for customers.
Playing piano (Card Queen of Clubs)
A twilio based service that allows you to find and get to the closest free public toilet in London.
A personal banking assistant, which makes banking simpler, more engaging and more efficient.
Know the people you should meet
A small tool for monitoring and exporting your finances.
HackKing's project

Bridging the communication gap between expectant mothers and community health workers in Bangladesh
Health workers can now collect data smoothly to help women take care of themselves before, during and after pregnancy

A text message based processor for diagnosing clients with mental and general health issues.
A user-friendly app that connects health to people.
SMS based period tracker for women with limited access to internet to manage her fertility cycle

Addressing the culture @ Ameren to support future innovation by embedding design thinking into the organization
A Framework that lets enterprises rapidly deliver cutting-edge gold std business solns - on time within budget
How to deliver faster and better quality by strategic focus on training, onboarding and knowledge management
90 days **to production**, instead of 90 days to prototype!  Woohoo!

it's a blank for blanks


AR Project which is going to change the way people receive information on UBahn stations
Discovery platform for live shows happening at underground stations

File storage for all of your multimedia needs
Guiding assistant for train and subway stations.
Scan your refrigerator and get all possible recipes in 30 seconds
We connect social events with live public transport information through a chat bot
Challenge your friends...prove to be the fastest wizard ever!
AI Assistant to help you save money based on your personality insights.
Ava tears down the barriers that separate people in need from effective and timely treatment.
Find your friends in subway trais and meet people, who share their commute with you
Uses Samsung Gear VR and OSISoft's PI System to show real-time analysis of energy usage in Lehigh buildings.
A GPS app that helps solve the problem of human trafficking in developing countries

Our mission is to fight the negativity and PROMOTE positive behavior around the world.
HelpNYC is aiming to bring apps to LinkNyc kiosks all around the city in order to better the community.
Know your energy consumption of the campus in one board!
Show long-term and short-term peak energy trends and indications of inefficiency.
We are trying to defeat brand name bias.
Hacking away at bias by checking your rhetoric and learning about biased words.
Education For Everyone Everywhere
Twitter Tracker for participants
A game where you try to figure out if a tweet is real or fake
Looking for the perfect lyrics to describe how you're feeling? Use lyric match!
Organize your weekly finances!
Bring music to life.
Have you ever wanted to dodge some bricks? Now you can with Bricked - The Evolutionary Way to Avoid Falling Bricks.
A joke game about Donald Trump's campaign
Use your web cam and a post it to play ping pong
Empowering visually impaired people to live to the fullest
Say goodbye to vague and tedious instructions with Areta!
Bringing the construction industry into the digital age
Product Recognition, Fast & Simple.
Optimizing in-store experience
Want to win CS:GO keys? cskeygambler allows users to securely gamble CS:GO keys at home or on the go!
This instrument brings a new sense of fun and uniqueness with its cool resonating sound and eco-friendly nature!
memeeeeeeeee
Music Theory Code
A reddit bot to give you the top news from your subreddit and even write you a haiku!

Get reminded to take your medicine every day with integrated website and alarm
An introduction into using the Linux Terminal in a fun and intriguing way.
For the ones that get away.
A journey into the realm of graphics engines.
Find the best offers, coupons and discounts around you and keep fit while you do it.
This project is targeted towards students needing a faster and cheaper way to get to school
Visualizes wifi deadspots to help students
Co-operate with your friends to control Mekamon!
This project will make accessing course information simpler
An app to track mental health
Your favorite movie bought into virtual reality
Sends text updates to remind you of your health goals, saves your progress so you can share it with your doctor!
This app provides a creative way of monitoring air pollution to keep everyone safe.
Help Tony the Stoney (a stone) fly!
You like goblins? Well we can give you a score for your steam account!
A way to send alarms to other people
A project that reminds users when to take medicine
Streamline student's education. Social hub for students and learning.
Aqua is a user-friendly website that helps you save the world one drop at a time!
Pomodoro timer
A 2D multiplayer shooter
A game for bored people.
Using personality analysis to connect refugees with local and trustworthy individuals, sympathetic to their cause
Hate calling customer support? Alexa will do it for you!
Voice powered journaling with realtime emotional analysis
Jobble provides job listing and finding service for the emerging world via our unique Jobble SMS bot
An artificial eye for the visually impaired and blind
Have you ever been in a group chat and wanted to filter out the irrelevant information? Our recapbot does just that!
Anonymously connecting Refugees with kind people and mental wellness experts to chat and get help when in distress.
With My Crash Buddy , insurance of my safety is easy!
Alexa powered check-in/check-out and concierge
Travel pooling. Make it your way: social, fun, playful and appealing!
GreenStreet rewards ecological driving styles of car rental customers
MAKE UBAHNFAHREN GREYT AGNN
A timeline and tracking tool for young adults transitioning out of foster care
Use speech-to-text to document vocabulary and frequency of word use


A new and improved menu web app for EMU dining services. Mobile friendly, and allows people to review menu items.
#RecyclableTEAbot

ClassE uses student evaluation data to empower students to make informed registration decisions.
City and Regional Planning/Planners/Operations in an Fully 3D Augmented Reality Environment
Stickygrams is an AR app for HoloLens that allows users to leave holographic messages to their friends and the public
Walk around a realistic and interactive 3D model of Atlanta while navigating by voice and gaze
Making public safety sexy.
Connect with nearby recruiters in a flash!

Reports on your productivity throughout the day.
Using Mixed Reality, the portal project turns 2D ads, banners and billboards into interactive experiences and stores
RPG-based quest management platform to increase productivity among groups



Alexa's weird friend
Don't waste time in the airport - Meet new people!
You have to impress an octocat using only colours
Chrome extension directing you to a random Wikipedia page; you have 4 clicks to get to a certain German Chancellor...
Sumantha helps you catch up with your slack channels, showing you the last most important messages.
Don't waste extra money on bikes
Game Boy Todo List in C
Challenge Roboy and friends to see who has the best facial expressions
Controlling the Roboy arm with IntelRealSense
Knee reflex for roboy
A super smart robot - RoboyReact - reads your body language to interact smartly and respond to your gestures!
Connecting hackers and mentors at hackathons
Find you place, along the way...
A text based service to make public transportation and shelter accessible to the refugees entering Germany.
Do you have minions delivering stuff? Are they getting lost? This is the app for you!
Have you ever looked at a landscape and asked, "Hey, what's that over there"? This AR app will answer that question.
An intelligent, interactive map
Determine possible health impacts of toxins in water



low cost portable ultrasound used at point of care to find breast cancer in emerging world & ultimately consumer

Removing pre-conceived biases in the job application process.
Ever saw an educational game with an interactive storyline? Play ours!
an interactive story meant to crush misconceptions

An app that takes a picture of food and determines how long it should be microwaved for.
Help people with dementia to navigate easily from place to place.
Streamlined, unobtrusive payment system that aims to be decentralized and convenient. Bloqpay is just one use case!
A game designed to teach people the basics of using the inspect element tool provided by browsers.
Scout uses sentiment analysis and facial recognition machine learning algorithms to gather emotional data.
A motion based messaging service that allows users to tweet and reply to facebook messages
Smart home safety system using Raspberry Pi and Nexmo
Social platform that promotes mental well-being
A Hot Dog service for today's generation
It lets you control your computer by tilting your phone. It disrupts traditional concepts of input.
Image correction app for Colour vision deficiency
-


What if you could walk around in virtual world wearing a cheap VR headset
The app gives you useful tips for using other apps right when you need them
A way to control your toaster through an Amazon Dot and Alexa
Have you ever wished your home assistant was a little more attached?
A skill for Alexa that teaches you new languages (French, German, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, Polish and even English!)
Achieve your goals or donate to a charity. Either way you win!
A robot that plays tic tac toe!
Knock and you're there; a way to let your friends and family easily ping you.
A service that helps rescuers most efficiently help people after natural disaster
Voice controlled fridge that throws soda cans.
null
It's a site to help International Students fit into the college community and access what they need.
It's a block chain powered by chess
Ever wondered how fast you could reach your destination if you sped and ran all the red lights?
Allow 911 operators to more accurately judge whether or not a call is an accident
Convert Piano Playing Videos to Sheet Music Using Image Processing
The Reading Experience, Re-Imagined
Memes are literally "worth" it
Zen for the weak of will
Fortune Dipsy
Enable the blind to read facial expressions of people around them in real-time.
Defend the sun from utter destruction in this heart-racing, action-packed game!
Leave a message at your location, come back later and see if anyone responded!

Navigating a large supermarket can be difficult, so our app generates the fastest path to pick up all your groceries!
A keyboard assistant that speeds up your computer inputs as fast as you want
Providing food for those who need it
Learn how to code. In English.
Are you eating as much as you should from ALL the proper food groups? Use this app to track your nutrition!
Moving Analytics helps hospitals increase the capacity and adherence of their post-acute cardiac rehab programs

Does hackathons so you don't have to
HealthTech

The real work-life balance
Granny is a app that helps youth understand their emotions through the CBT method and Emotion recognition tech.
Reducing Things EcoFriendly
Making the web more accessible to people suffering from tremors using an Android application
Ending Cyber Bullying by creating an .api to turn insults... into compliments!
Parking Spot Tracker for the UCSC Campus
Cars create road congestion. Technology and real time analysis lead to an efficient traffic management system.
A virtual reality, interactive closet. Upload photos of your own clothes to create the perfect outfit.
Sneak Attacks For Your Own Good
A web application to combat imposter syndrome in the workplace and create a safe space for diversity.
A quick way to send out texts that promotes safety
Your own personal stylist!
Chrome extension that returns the calorie breakdown of recipes online to help users find healthier ingredients
An app designed to allow donors to give books to children in need
Your perfect virtual DJ built by you and your guests
A moment to yourself, helping you identify your emotions

Can't think of what to cook? Alexa keeps track of your fridge so she always knows what's on the menu!
Help identify depression using friends and family social media accounts
We are a platform to simplify the expansion of your practical skillsets through mentor based-learning.
Create outfits and share them with your friends
iOS app to digitalize your closet and build outfits with computer vision and image recognition.
A powerful account management system that secures all your internet identities - from email to password generation.
Do it yourself Virtual Reality
Where are you from?
Do you have bad speech habits? Have you ever been called sarcastic? Well, our app is an easy fix for you.
Help restaurant owners everywhere easily automate their business, entice customers, and use data to make decisions!
Music Score Reader for the Visually Impaired
If you love playing piano but always find yourself on the road, the piano glove is an easy, portable solution!
Dogs make your day. Doggify makes dogs.
We help you track your family's medication.
Effortless baby health tracker without changing habit.
A seamless experience to connect all your smart devices with the Eny Button
Konnect turns Eny into a tool to improve seniors' lives.
Nova Robotics is a non-profit community service organisation
Secure PINS

An edu-platform aimed at personalizing assessments for a more sophisticated learning experience.
Ryde Right is a cost effective travel solution for convenient sight seeing
Earn money while waiting for your friends who're late for meetups
A classic arcade game set in the virtual world. With four screens, the player must spin, spin, spin!
Parking has never been this simple
Knock knock! Whos there? By using our face recognition implementation, you will know whos there!
Control Blender with Amazon Alexa
Music in your hand

JukeBot is a playful robot that is meant to mesmerise people who are mind-numbingly bored with their lives.
Self-reproducing program using few distinct characters
This website seeks to increase voter participation by keeping voters informed.
A real-time emotion interpreter for people with autism
An easier and more accessible way to interact with your browser.
BuzzEar is a solution for the deaf or hard of hearing. Loud noises create an alert and "buzz" a Pebble watch.

JobFit connects people based on their lifestyle, shown in Facebook, with companies environments they fit in.
Why wield an unwieldy guitar? We use sensors to let you play air guitar/drums and translate those motions into tunes!
Your home security assistant for both elderly and young children when you're at work
Interchangable shoe with a smart sensor that monitors steps and pressure
Hacked in less than 24 hours!
Next-generation Sensory Augmentation Project
Who knew learning would be so fun!!!
Emporium creates an intuitive and immersive shopping experience by providing product analysis and data visualization.
A self aiming pistol using the kinect module
The most awesomely useless robot that will obey you by always following the sound of your voice
Ask Alexa to spice up your day by finding you a state park/campground in Michigan with info from Michigan Open Data
A way to create and send drawing inside of your emails and have people edit them and send them back.
An optimized web browser for the elderly and visually impaired, with automated AI and a customized human operator!
Tattoos built like circuit boards let you control games, presentations and more.
A safety jacket for cyclists that comes with turning signals, cloud synced camera. It's simple, efficient, and mobile
GO ALEXA GO was created with millennials in mind. Why drive and text when you can just text and have Alexa drive?
4.2M U.S. citizens are hard of hearing. Gestur redefines standards through AI to automate Sign Language recognition.
File Transfer made easy - uses browser P2P
Using big data to solve food insecurity world-wide
Scribe allows you to make use of written notes in a way that was never possible before through digitization.
Want a summary of the comments you got on your Facebook post within seconds? Socialytics does exactly that and more!
Facial detection that replaces your mouse/voice controls that replace you keyboard, for people who can't use either.
DJ Trump
Learn what you could make in stocks with your unnecessary spendings
A Premiere Suite of Connected Health Tools that Brings the Pharmacy to your Home
Ask Alexa what you can make with the foods in your kitchen!
Use Facebook through Alexa

An artificial intelligence DJ that uses data analytics and real-time processing to analyze user submitted playlists.
Not everyone is a cardiologist. with lubdub you don't have to be, using our webapp Identify heart sounds instantly
Never set an alarm yourself again.
Go to sleep, everything else is taken care of!
Analyze travel expenditures, suggest cheaper alternatives, connect users with cost-saving resources.
A novel approach to a positive look on life with Artificial Intelligence!
Reinforce good habits by collecting virtual tokens or by giving to others
Analyze everything in your email, from measuring your confidence to identifying cyber bullying rhetoric.
Saving money is hard- let us help.

Live Fact Checking
Enabling you to program with your voice.



Detroit houses are difficult to evaluate, Repraise helps people get it right!
An educational playable VR android application for you to travel in space by controller and your voice.
Memory Retention Wearable Device

"Advertising by IoT-izing"

like the clapper but but it knows exactly where you clapped so it performs differently from different locations
A mobile app that utilizes live streaming technology to bring students high-class education in an effective manner
Responsive Web App for Sightseeing
Join us as we offer this project as a thank you to all of the internet memes we have seen on the line (online)
A hardware and software kit to make any remote-controlled car self-driving.

Be a better person by sinning lesser

Small size automated home garden for your home
a wayfinding tool for public spaces, events and hackathons

A free volunteering app to help specially abled and elderly people
NinjaShop empowers shoppers by utilizing their shopping list to locate items and present the most optimal store route
Rhythm third person bullet hell shooter. The goal is to keep tempo while fighting off waves of robots.
A Pebble sized RPG
Embed data in the imperceptible frequency bands of human hearing.

Optimizes an individual's playlist preferences from matched data via the Google Fit API with the Spotify API.
Beautiful Photo & Video Library Management, Powered by Machine Learning
A Chrome extension that encourages better spending decisions by converting prices to work hours across online retail.

A virtual reality exploration into network security
The MarsOne system replicates conditions on Mars, tracking real weather data, accurate biometrics, and safety alerts.
Implementation of reinforcement learning (AI) to read and interpret articles to accurately determine stock sentiment.
The stock market is boring. Learn how it works with something you know - emojis!
Immersive education for everyone

Reinventing Banking using Artificial Intelligence
The north and south pole of magnets are attracted, so when you go to one of their websites, it redirects to the other

Alexa Skill set utilizing api.ai to get responses
The next generation uber-cool mattress!
Mobile app (managed by a web application), allowing students to check into a professor's busy office hours in advance
Fast,modular self-driving car control and feedback system
An android app designed to promote charitable acts for the homeless.
Designed a spectrophotometer to analyze the efficacy of our CFR reactor that utilizes MNP conjugated to -amylase.
Reaching out to the people who are a victim of online bully or harassment.
A personal bot that is able to return answers to simple questions using the wolfram api.
Get info about any software around you, just click a pic and get the answer.

Voice and Motion Control for Maps and Data Visualization
Accelerating grass roots fundraising.

A Subscription BOX for Muslim Kids to Inspire them on Islamic Role Models
A Chrome extension that fights online harassment by filtering out comments with strong language.
SB Hacks Entry Mobile Game
Strap in and take'em down
FB Messenger bot that intelligently helps form hackathon teams. No more endless slack threads or spreadsheets!
Realtime visualization of crowd movement and density.
Insanely flexible and customizable apartment search
On-demand, affordable, and eco-friendly ride sharing app
Perspecticles is a Chrome extension that exposes favorable and unfavorable viewpoints on controversial topics.
Quick and convenient diagnosis method for common health conditions!
Visualizing the change in water usage in buildings at UC Davis
Attracted to computers?  Got a carbon-fiber exoskeleton?  You might be a cyborg!

An Alexa Assistant for Alzheimer's

Brain activity data on-demand
An easy environment for students to collaborate on work and school
Multipurpose sensor connected to the internet that keeps track of the number of people in a room to conserve energy
Locate and improve clean drinking water in your community
Saving the world one trash can at a time.
An mobile app that provides a quick overview of which building in UC Davis is using the most energy.
A writing improvement tool for non-native English speakers
A handy translation tool that uses optical character recognition to translate nearly any printed text.
A different approach to UC Davis' CEED page. Creating different ways to compare and visualize campus energy resources

Data Visualization and Interaction with OSISoft and UCDavis Energy Data
A medical tool that enables patients to analyze their mental health through data visualization
Analyzing the past grants vision to the future.



A smart journey app to find train, bus, ride shares cheaper and faster, provide driver ratings and earn rewards
A Community based app to make road safer by identifying Risky spots real time engaging user and alerting others!
Crowdsourcing based safety solution and much more!
Leveraging technology to connect seniors citizens with on-demand assistance from volunteer helpers
A very very micro Integrated Developer Environment
Markov Chain Bot that runs on twitter
Discord bot for posting crud.
Stack based programming language prototype
ParkKing helps foster culture of parking discipline among citizens and manage their bookings & violations online.
A Medicare medical necessity and coverage quiz generator
Travis is Traffic & Road safety assistance app, that assists pedestrians, drivers & passengers in realtime.

A Simple Web IDE for your PC or Phone
Sers el mejor entrenador?
Una manera de compartir ejercicios de exmenes y aprobar!
We wish to revolutionize the way teachers undertake their teaching certifications within informal settlement areas.
An app that enables one to save and access soft loan for there certification
Studying In Style Improve Education
A new take on managing Learning in informal settlements
Generating Multiple Choice Questions with the help of Microsoft Azure ML
Integrated task management / email to task for Office 365 Planner, SharePoint Online and Outlook Tasks

AR keypad on a monocular device using openCV
Ever wondered whose at the door? How to hide from the milkman? Alexa+Rpi+Arduino can help
HungryTraveler - Just because you're traveling doesn't mean you have to be unknowledgeable.
Our website provides information about space weather, planets, and more!
A room layout optimization and visualization toolkit
SomaPalette provides a color analysis adapted to garments and cosmetics that enhance your best visual characteristics
The bro that will help you find your next AirBnB!
A smart jacket filled with environmental sensors for the outdoorsy hacker.
A smart sports helmet
An app that helps students discover what they are GOOD at, and what they ENJOY with the help of friends. Gamified!
A visual schedule that allows parents to help their young children increase their independence and manage anxiety
AI based GIF suggestion service based on images
Acquire TED-grade presentation skills from the audience sentiment analysis feedback
Pseudo-Randomly generated songs that don't sound like trash!
Click the moving kittens to hear cute meows
A "Tinder-fyed" Option For Adoption

Automatically selects the best color tie based on the users shirt color.

A webapp that provides real-time presentation feedback;
The robot that translates your voice to physical sign language.
grow your own plants without any of the hassle!
Recurrent Neutral Network to talk like Trump, based on your speech and text analysis. Your Trump AI at your fingers.
Data Visualizations of particular datasets provided by Durham County Council
Relief your coding discomfort while having fun!
GradientBoostedClassification of company data to predict bankruptcy
Alexa skill lets you know when to leave for a flight based on check-in rules and traffic, along with baggage/food inf
Talk to your friends when they're gone
search by city and find the most popular songs by the most popular bands based out of that city.
Getting hit on and want to escape without giving "help me" eyes to your friends? Just gesture and send them a text
Quantifying trends in feelings (e.g. interest, surprise, disgust) about political candidates by data mining Reddit!
Never lose stuff again, forget about forgetting

your face has been hijacked
An Alexa skill that creates interactive fairy tales, to entertain children of all ages
Don't let a night out make you careless! Use Safety App to show you the safest way home in Durham.
If you're drunk we'll lock your car!
See your favourite artists all around the world, for the best price possible
SpatialOS + Unity + Deep Reinforcement Learning: scalable AI for complex environments
Every want to get away from Trump? Space not an option? Fly to the furthest point away!

eXplore makes science education interactive and personalised!
Who doesn't love Wikipedia? Numbers are hard so we made them easier to read.
Our Chrome extension cheers you up when you're having a bad day!
Surfin' the Interwebs with Voice and trainable AI
Enter a Trump-Tweet and we stitch a Trump-Speech for you
Word sensitive plugin that turns all the vulgarities into something more gentle like the suga' pie honey bun you are

Life Saver

An app that connects high school volunteers to volunteer opportunities in an easy and personalized way.
In our busy lives, time is of the essence. We all need to do routine chores. Your friends know your choices.
The Bot To Call For All Your Scheduling Needs
MagicText seamlessly converts hardcopies of text into digital copies for easy access and editability
Learn about saving the environment with our friend Percy d'Bear and his shrinking icecap!
Tutoring in a minute
Make notes easier to read, share and understand with gifs
We've seen gfycat on computers, we've seen gfycat on our phones, and now we can use gfycat in mixed reality.
Gfycat. Gamified.
Contextual relevant GIF robot cat
World's Best Translation Service w/ GIFs!
record, save, and share anything you like on the web


Gridmaster helps you learn Excel by using Excel, with video training, exercises, and feedback inside your spreadsheet
A simplified Office 365 bot plus a Hololens Companion



Let software generate questions from your scripts, so you can prepare better for your tests
A community-based & crowdmapping application that provides a virtual companion to enhance street safety.

A Facebook Messenger bot meant to make life at Columbia easier
In the grand future, code will be reduced to the most conversational open format, a future fast approaching.
A waste bin that can separate recyclables from the rest of the waste.
See the world as Picasso had envisioned it
Together, we build an annotation community on Columbia University architectures. Share your thoughts, comments memes.
#safety#SOS#facebook live#ios#lyft

Alternative for Library Crowdedness
This device offers tactile and voice feedback to blind people in order to teach them Braille.
Sentinel is a simple, robust pan-tilt device for capturing meaningful footage.
Choose an issue you care about. Take a selfie. We mail a postcard with your face to your local representative.
Tinder for your bank account
This is an application that primarily seeks to ameliorate the pains of the elderly with degrading eyesight.
Discover montreal now!
Cover the world with music
Dylan is an home automation system operated with voice command from your mobile phone to control your entire house.
Build a profile of a candidate, based on GitHub and resume.
Ce n'est pas tous les jours que l'on fte ses 375 ans !
It's an interactive environment for presenting data.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1gaqmEhn2U
VM Performance Monitor is a web based service that leverages the power of big data to optimize the GE network.
FindThePots detects potholes in real-time and updates a google map with the location of potholes.
A chrome extension and web app for investors and the general public to sentimentally/politically analyze articles.
The Ultimate Truth Engine
We Code StartUps - CodeNicely
A friend for the best period of your life
LED map illuminated by network security events.
Ever wondered what it's like to work in IT? Well now you can, and in VR, too!
the quickest, easiest app for medication reminders
An app to help people learn biology and chemistry.
An app to easily find the nearest protest/rally/demonstration near you so you can make real change.
Our Mission is to empower rural Indians ,creating a permanent, irreversible change for good.
HackaTown 2017


A peer to peer delivery system that keeps track of routes you commonly walk to optimize delivery.

Web-based chatbot to facilitate journaling and self-care. Built for QHacks 2017 @ Queen's University.
Connecter un tuyau  l'internet, on l'a fait.
An IoT pill dispenser that can be managed and scheduled by doctors remotely, perfect for preventing accidental ODs.
You want food? We find the best option for you based on price and radius!
Draw anything with your Pebble watch with colors in real-time on a website.
Text your way to the destination: Receive directions through SMS without internet!
Automatic video-feed shooter detection
Quick and easy speech memorization app
Solution to help the color blind match their clothing with ease.
Website that universally adapts and responds to user preferences and inputs
A Chemistry calculation chatbot that shows work

Check yourself before you wreck yourself...or others.
Une application qui calcule l'empreinte de carbone de votre vhicule.
Matches users with walking buddies for a safer alternative of walking at night or as way to meet new people.
An interactive game built with three.js, leap motion and facial emotion recognition.
Pegasus is a natural language processor used to optimize doctor-patient interactions and perform administrative tasks
Blok.it seeks to bring an end to online harassment by automatically blocking any hateful content the user encounters.
Home network solutions for increased security, privacy, management and customization.
Using a cheap accelerometer module to control a virtual maze within a physical computer simulation.
Download Acceleration as a Service
Adoptez les parcs de Montral!
Giving the modern day GPS Technology to the homeless

Control your entire house using nothing but Alexa and the Photon Dev Board
Sharing positive support among Montrealers and the World!
Change human behavior for the future!
Soslowithertz.com
BrainAssist aims to encourage users to reach out to their peers and to collect accurate data for statistical use.

We optimize the restaurant experience for the consumer and the owner by innovatively implementing technology
This app will  help students build schedules for the upcoming semesters at Rowan!
Raise awareness for the impact of one's energy consumption, monitored throughout the day by sensors and phone app.
The hand is mightier than the mouse.

Bots, but with a freakin remote controlled cannon
Connecting art with current events
Wonder if Tim Hortons still have Boston Cream, Well Spood knows
Our tool allows people to Pause and Rethink to prevent them from making rash decisions
A mixed-reality wine tasting using the Oculus Rift.
Your true assistant
Juxtaposition of sources from opposite sides of the political spectrum
Testing the limits of convolutional neural networks with creative inspiration from popular culture.
Using Microsoft API to scan a prescription bottle
Wearable that senses surroundings to notify users of a change in elevation and objects in front of user
Muv, offering the safest and most reliable commute on foot.
A VR app that revolutionizes global virtual education
A personalized platform for IoT device development and management. This includes a custom library and webapp.

Know your memes, from A to Z... (   )
Captioning funny pictures with funnier realities..
Do you ever want to start a conversation with someone but don't know what to say? AwkoTalko can help.
An automated bartender, designed for accessibility and efficiency... at a low cost

Helping you get the grades you want!
A 21st century food journal that does everything for you.
The first all-in-one Detroit Transit application. Find routes + stops for Ddot, Smart and RefleX in one application.
A personal routing chatbot to guide you through safer streets.
A simple way to make sure that commuters never travel alone and unnacounted for
Connect drivers with parking spaces

An augmented reality three-dimensional whiteboard that invites collaboration between people and disciplines
Chai serves the CMU student community by allowing users to see waits and friends at their favorite campus eateries
Augmented reality smart device hub to control and automate everyday functions using Leap Motion gesture tracking.
An even better SIO with FCE integration
Augmented Reality Circuit Visualizer and Solver
A Programmable Driverless Car Simulator
We combine hardware and computer vision to enhanced classrooms that foster opportunities for teaching and learning.
This is an augmented reality app to visualize information behind the scene
Messenger-based political assistant (bot) that informs you about recent news and empowers you to take action
Chrome Extension to encourage charitable donations using search results
Graph visualizer of course trees, displays courses you're qualified for and suggests other courses you might like.


When you're allergic to dander and can't get to the Cathedral on Tuesday
Cathy is on FIRE! Protect the Cathedral of Learning from Deadly Skeletons!
Big Brother uses facial recognition to track if your baby is in the crib and alerts you if he/she escaped.
The videogame community is largly responsible for online harassment.We planed on tackling this headfirst with twitter
mobile controller with a cool game
Filibuster temporarily removes all tweets containing political content, allowing for a much needed break.
A better approach to recruiting, we use video messaging with the candidate and aggregation of all of their accounts
A Chrome Extension enabling people to rate each dish on the UCLA dining menu website
Zork I on the Amazon Echo
Discord bot aiding in communication
Sick of driving in circles to find parking? Want a way to find the closest free spot? There's an app for that!
Create, rank, and get inspired by user generated outfits
Designed to provide all nearby locations that sell ICEE's based on a user's current location.
One Spotify queue. All your friends!
Shoot faeces at your friends and kill them!
Quick and Fast way to Download Apps
A speech recognition app to help you with your "fly" kicks
The only App you need for UCLA events, either posted on Facebook or from the web
A CMS system with programmers in mind.
Why poll when you can raise
Missed the latest basketball game? Forgot where Hack on the Hill is? What the Happening is here to help!
Post a tweet with #IsThisOffensive and I'll tell you if it is!
Easy Link to Recipes
user sends mood/personalized note around the world; another user "grabs" note and sends back personalized song rec
Sending email without connectivity through Bluetooth
Don't wait in line, get your coffee online!
An iOS app that promotes self-care by helping you create a skincare regimen that helps you every step of the way.
Helps you find your dream Airbnb based off of images you pin on your board
We use voice recognition and text analysis, accessible through a webapp, to control a minion (robot)
A mobile app to tip and discover street performers
I'll help you with Facebook spam
Skynet Watches is a system that leverages the data we all leave lying around
Plan your 4 years at Carolina. Try shuffling classes and majors to envision your Carolina experience!
The app that blends imagination, friendship, fitness, and technology.
You can never get lost when you are connected to your University with MapCat
Track issues you care about. Get alerts for legislation on the table. Contact your representative in 2 clicks.
Uses speech recognition to assist users during interactions with law enforcement
Live healthy. #MakeADifference #MakeItBetter
Imagine a web application where doctors can check up on their patients and see of they are taking their medicines.

Intelligent business analytics and convenient consumer ordering!
Find lyrics/chords to songs, and learn in your own speed with the auto scrolling function listening to chords played.
Custom Android keyboard that fights harassment without imposing censorship
App to form teams @ hackathons
App for reporting maintenance issues around your university campus.
Giving the power of email back to the users
If you don't know what on your feet, you're a hype.
A virtual reality game where you play as an engineer in intergalactic space!

News compiler, public sourced fact-checker, information oasis: Factify strives to improve public good.
Crucible is a health, and lifestyle app that makes self-improvement more fun, and encourages group accountability.
Tool to empower women by providing feedback on salary negotiation pitches
Actionable Intelligence for Industrial Sensors
Created by: Zhixuan Lai, Yaqun Chen, Lingyu Zhang, Weijian Lin.
The GE Modal Viewer uses augmented reality to see GE parts in a 3D environment in real-time with a mobile device.
Experience the dangers of cyberspace while learning about how choice matters
The P.U.S.H. Project: Preventing Unwanted Social Harassment
A recipe site that doubles as an online bank for evidence of harassment and domestic violence.
It is like tinder except for studying! Find a study buddy today!
Employed basic data analysis based on daily maximum virtual machine usage from 100 csv files.
Takes UPS's estimated claims for a package delivery and runs that against the actual delivery times.
We created a blockchain-secured system to register refugees when they arrive in a new country.
Add people you want to notify when you reach a certain location or get help in case of trouble for safety purposes.
face2face is a Chrome extension/website designed to facilitate open and honest discussion between differing opinions.
NiceType is a Chrome Extension that works to end negative online sentiments through identifying negative comments
Saw someones post of facebook about "eating" something and you feel tempted, dont worry we will find it near you.
Automated Disaster Preventive Measure
ProBoKnow is a website that connects lawyers that are willing to work pro bono with clients that need them.
Motion- sensor technology to prevent accidents on the street
"Relationships starts with me(me)"
Showcasing women in STEM from historical figures to your every day student
Search for quotes from powerful women!
An Android app that interprets speech using the IBM Watson API to determine the speaker's emotion.
WITCON is a one-stop resource women across the globe to break into tech through knowledge and mentorship.
FBI hides posts on Facebook with certain keywords, labelling them with flagged trigger or content warnings (TW/CW).
Virtual fire poi and staff using VR and Leap Motion
Channel your inner power and shoot lasers with your mind in this fully brain controlled Android game.
Gesture, Speech and Text Bot
Has your phone ever annoyed you by ringing incessantly from a tirade of notifications? This app fixes that!
Timer to calculate wages based off demographic
SmartHomeKeeper lets you voice control all home devices remotely.
Combating bias online with unique but anonymous avatars

No place to hide!
Retail Redefined
Beat up badguys with a guitar!

make alexa spit hot fire using Wolfram Alpha's language APIs
Alexa's got rice.
NOT THE PROJECT
Imagine walking into a restaurant for the first time knowing exactly what you wanted to eat
Using the power of Wolfram Alpha to make their FB page smarter than it is
Alexa connected with WolframAlpha.
Take a picture and get relevant information at a glance.
This website was built to allow users to view a city's data and statistics in cool and interactive ways.
Voice search, voice control, wolfram alpha simple api integration
drives itself, avoids collisions, flies a drone to its own benefit, has security and can detect water.
Prevent cyberbullying by filtering a user's facebook profile in real time.
Super fun and addictive VR game!
Guided Conversations with Strangers
Add some adventure into your daily life.
A branching choose-your-own-adventure game, full of twists, turns, and shocking betrayals
A first person scavenger hunt set in a rustic forest.

Healthcare Acquired Infections is a big problem costing money and even lives. White Wolf has a proactive solution.
Smart app helping you memorize text and words
assessURhealth empowers clinicians by providing the tools to identify and treat mental & behavioral health issues.
A cloud based connected diagnostic framework to collect, monitor and analyze a person's vitals and stratify risk
A UI/UX analysis defining user roles, stories and personas, and proposing user flows, goals and wireframes

Help search and rescue team in disasters cover a larger area over a longer time
Turn a physical book into an audibook in other languages.
If you can dream it, you can wear it.

A game engine designed to quickly churn out multiplayer games
Automagically generate a calendar using your university account.
What if I could tell you I could memorize a deck of cards and recite them back to you right now?
A distributed, decentralized, and real-time threat sharing system using blockchain
Crowdsourced, crowdcurated music!
health.io is an AI which utilizes neural networks to calculate personalized success rates for hospital procedures.
Word game on steroids!
Sleepi Pi saves on servers' electricity costs by putting them to sleep when they aren't needed.
An iOS application used to detect early warning signs of a Stroke, through image processing, MMSE, and grip strength.
Reach for Reform is a location-based app that provides easy accessibility in reaching representatives and movements.
S - Save, T - Teach, O - Optimize, P - Provide : for domestic violence victims.
An website that utilizes the Power Of the People in order to combat harassment
Exposure to a market for handmade products from women in the Middle East
Pillar is an iOS application for girls in third-world countries to connect with a mentor for free help and education.
How good can you mimic a cow?
Perform algebraic operations on songs in a vector space.
A powerful VR and auditory training ground for memorizing speeches
A website that visualizes the gender pay gap by ranking users by salary and distinguishing users by gender.
The feeling of racing from a first person view. The ability to control the car with steering and acceleration online.
Assassin for group message and with photos instead of tagging
We're all in this together.
Glasses based technology that  prevent drowsiness-related accidents by alerterting drivers before they fall asleep.
an experiment cooperative puzzle game with a novel control scheme
Stop forgetting to take your pills. Get reminded by Pill Central
Smart home that understands you and your family.
Find the nearest avaliable toilet to release your pressure in real-time -- right away, never wait!
Intuitive tools to assist people with Alzheimer's or Dementia.
An Alexa skill to find out who is at the door
Forgot a mouse for your laptop? There's one in your pocket!
What do you get when you cross an IoT device with a decentralized Blockchain? Fideli.
Rewarding way for children to learn about topics such as Online privacy, Loops, Conditionals, and other CS topics
An e-commerce web app to help people manage their money
CalPal automatically generates a calendar from your to-do list, so you can do your favorite things at the right time.
A threat detection system for schools run off raspberry pis
An integration to encourage nonprofit donations directly within your email
Medical Imaging device for scoliosis and other imaging applications
A gamified note-taking platform
Let Donald Trump and Steve Bannon teach you all about logical fallacies.
The problem with games is the gap between video and tabletop players. Lasagna brings these rivals together.
Using computer vision and deep learning to help the visually impaired interaction with their surrounding seamlessly.
Sensory is a VR experience that visualizes and simulates various visual, auditory, and cognitive impairments.
An Automatic Billiard Shooting Stroke Trainer Based on Wearables
Automatic Translator for Foreign Comics
An affordable VR platform for sharing personal experiences using special camera-glasses and mobile VR devices.
Our app aims to give a foster animal the best change of being adopted, by helping shelter staff take quality photos.
A quicker, easier, more reliable way to manage medical prescriptions.
We empower care takers to help people with Autism through data visualization, therapy tracking and deep learning.
EyeSee is an android application that gives the blind the ability to independently move throughout their environment.
Sweet Tweetment helps you know if you should check in with any of your friends who might be feeling down!
Big data streaming and natural language processing to find hidden relations between people.

Enabling micro-loans that reach the worlds most remote communities.
Generate 3D-printing-ready Braille models for real world texts.
Simplified Retirement Planning

Isaac Newton is on Twitter and ready to answer all of life's questions.
A shelter simulation that shows the adoption process from a dog's perspective
A personal assistant who provides real-time feedback for college students and professors in the lecture hall
Smart Popup Animal Shelters
Charity One is a web app that simplifies the user donating experience and customizes philanthropy to user preferences

Find pets to play with from local shelters
Making motor rehabilitation an engaging experience for stroke patients with a virtual reality-based wearable glove.
Connecting patients & doctors to create better healthcare outcomes
The parking app for all Stony Brook drivers
Assortment of tools to help combat phone fraud such as IRS scams
Every Student got a lit Trip.
API and Interface for finding correlations in stock data
Best Friends Animal Society + FB Messenger Bot = More open & connected animal shelters and current/future pet owners
Shared music queue based on distributed players and a centralized database
An application that allows Capital One users to transfer money between one another.
When you work on serious group projects, time is money! Hu$tle helps your team work faster, so no time is wasted.
Finding economical and ecologically friendly products
A simpler, more efficient way to organize personal photos that employs state-of-the-art deep learning technologies.

Help kids in non-English speaking households to learn English with the assistance of an engaging conversationalist.
Never fear the awkwardness of losing contact with others
Why waste time waiting for paint to dry when you can use our simple web app.
A "black box" for your luggage!
The first Alexa fitness app that uses sensors to track your progress as you workout!
Can identify gifs
Bump is a social media focused on bringing people together, building personal relationships, and living life.
It sends an email when your venue is close to capacity, logs traffic in real time, displays data visually
A platforming game where the player has the ability to spawn force fields to progress through a level.
VOICE[H]OVER is open sourced assistive tech, created to aid people who are unable to move or speak talk.
A music visualizer that you control
A game that helps you learn Latin vocabulary through many Cyclopes
Terminal is an experimental co-op game idea in which one player hacks the world the other player plays in.
Me make shelter population data transparent to all shelters and coordinate animal transfers between shelters
Track your nutrition intake using Amazon Alexa, hands-free
Created during Jayhacks 2017
You've been trolled!

Charity made simple.
Foster a pet, make a friend, save a life.
An android app facilitating projects for the community, by the community.
Saving pets' lives from overheated cars
A 2D adventure game to raise awareness about the effects of cyber bullying
For the first time, you can see, interact with, and manipulate orthologous protein clusters in virtual reality.
A web application designed to encourage daily productivity using the Pomodoro technique.
Pet Detective is a chatbot service and analytics platform that incentivizes people to help our animal friends.
Using Machine Learning and Psychology to modify water consumption habits
Learn nutritional facts about what you're eating and healthier alternatives with the snap of a photo.
Canoes suggests spontaneous travel trips/destinations based on your interests, budget, and availability.
Upload your pictures and our app will recognize you from now on.
Sometimes questions are embarassing, We solve that issue
Edit a Game Boy game in your browser, while it's running.
Sex Ed conveniently served in a wholesome iOS app.
Learn the language of the unspoken with Quack: A leap motion-based program that teaches you American Sign Language.
How do you see yourself?
Playing games, with your face
A jacked up version of Jenga with giant Jenga blocks, cross-device multiplayer mode, and Leap Motion-powered gameplay
TrainTrax is a music middleware, enabling speaker sharing across platforms and devices.
We will help you remember your world !!
An accessability aid for refugees applying for admittance to the US

Video you can feel.
It is an intelligent search engine which analyzes and displays results to achieve utmost efficiency in all areas
tagAlong is a peer to peer network aimed at facilitating social interaction between those who want to socialize more.
Crowdsourced Classroom Reservation System
Never miss another campus food event again.
Aniki is here to help you find a gym partner quickly, safely and with your interest focus.
Track your symptoms, medications, readings and appointments just using your voice.

Just because you love 'em doesn't mean you have to care. Let us automate your social media obligations away.
Full automation of healthcare services
Get your files from anywhere!
Forget learning a new UI altogether, make a request through conversation, any time anywhere, with no downloading!
LouTrail is an app designed to encourage adventures into the Greater Louisville local foodie scene.
A project to assist the visually impaired avoid objects


App that uses recent crime data and user's location to display if an area in Philadelphia is safe or not.
WATTson is a smart microwave which features smartphone controls, voice command support, and automated cook times.
An alexa app to get updates on family members - their location, activity, call and text them plus emergency calling

TODO - Nutrition App
Disease likelihood prediction from clinical laboratory results
A mobile application to notify when a person has wandered off from a traveling group.
A web-based Bitcoin Script editor
A simple Facebook repackaging that provides a cleaner UI and more intuitive interface.
Hacker
A visualization tool for the twitter account of the POTUS
VR platform enables Medical trainee proficiency BEFORE 'on the job' errors occur.
A platform for AirBnB hosts to improve their SEO.

The Internet is a dangerous place, so we made an online safe space!
A personal following cargo robot for all of your personal following cargo robot needs.
What's your song of the week? That's LIT.
An anonymous forum with resources that allow those who have experienced harassment to find and give support
Ever been frustrated that your friend seems to respond to texts one day and emails another? No more!
a simple chatbot program to assist a user when a friend is in need if you cant call 911 from where you are.
A Bot that will identify Online Harassers and Message them to remind how rude they are!
Making FOIL transparent, efficient and human.
Fighting harassment one string array at a time!
This virtual deck of cards helps educate and inspire women by showing them what others female role models have done.
Limiting phone usage with friends
A piece of hardware with Arduino code that can decode morse code and play it back for you.
Peer protects children from cyberbullying by monitoring Facebook interactions, notifying parents at signs of bullying
Don't know what skin care products to use? Too busy and often forget when to use them? Let SkinCare solve all for you
Preventing fumbling with keys at night and the unsafe habit of leaving doors unlocked in the city.
BazaarLoan: P2P loans for OpenBazaar - Building "Get a Loan" feature.
Inspiring girls to be bright
Someone to watch over your computer while you cannot.
Ever been in need of a valid excuse on the fly with Gotta Blast you will be provided with a customized excuse.
Your personal Philadelphia tour guide.
Aggregates philly events, sorted by date so you can plan things!
An Android app for connecting non-profit organizations with volunteers for service opportunities in Philadelphia.
A simple and accessible website to help teens along the college application process
This helps connect students to mentors in the tech world when teachers are unavailable or uneducated about tech.
Visualizing Data for Philadelphia Using Heat Maps
User-friendly website that ensures the safe use of medications through reminders in order to increase health literacy
An easy to navigate sexual assault website guide for victims and friends of victims.
Smart sound detection: We monitor all around a city or area to find where and when there is noise pollution
As a robot with no one around, you are on your own to save yourself as you access your console and fix your code.
A laptop rig that automatically adjusts your screen position for optimal ergonomics.
Making spaces more accessible for disabled people
A friendly bot put on earth to be your study buddy!
Crowd source your decision making
Easily plot large murals with a small device! Plot a section, move over, and machine vision knows where to resume.
Keyper adds a new level of security to voice recognition technology
Motion-Tracking Work Light System
Sphnx is a way for cyclists to make major improvements to their efficiency by optimizing their posture
How would you like to learn how to code by make a colorful desk light?
Teaching kids to code using physical blocks that can control a mini robot.
Real-Time UAS/Drone Training and Analysis IOT Platform
Text-to-ASL, a sign language output device for the modern world
We have made the robotic smart personal assistant affordable.
A machine learning based 3d scanner using traditional camera hardware | Made with <3
Come have a Conversation with Codeversation
Jim's Presidential Campaign Launch

Tired of planning out your vacation? No worries, IteneratR is here for you!
Bitcoin Trading Algorithm Backtesting and Analysis Toolkit
A world with purple, is a world with peace!
https://gist.github.com/vieck/eb24dafea586de4fce3144400a2b24b8
Use your Instagram likes to build travel itineraries and see the world!
sentimental analyser with big data analyse of people's tweet and photos.
See particular 3D areas in Lego
A party game that combines Pictionary with the confusion of Telephone
A mobile app which helps people with Alzheimer to get people's names based on face recognition
Night Watch detects when a person has a seizure or stops breathing in their sleep and alerts an emergency contact.
Making faces beautiful again! Save a photo of yourself and reconstruct your face out of other people's!
A powerful tool that streamlines iterative 3D design, enabling clients to assess models in a virtual environment.
Alexa fact skill that sorts through various fruit/vegetable seasons and matches the seasons to suggested smoothies
The collaborative air-pen
MunchSquad is the solution to the billions of dollars worth of leftover food lost each year.
Insure yourself against the weather
An extremely simple way to share web projects
Uses artificial intelligence to diagnose and track illnesses
A Chrome extension to provide seamless end to end PGP encryption to Facebook messenger
Advanced smart remote controls for way cheep
A simple example illustrating how one can enjoy the pleasures of a "smart home" for a fraction of the cost
The chatbot that automates your haircut reservation process
Bringing flavor to music!Add zing!
Easily monitor web analytics and insights by aggregating Prometheus data in Firebase via a Slack bot.
Improvised story
Your personal assistant for interview preparation, tailored just for you.
decentralized fail-safe trigger to release digital wills to the right beneficiary
If you're not cooking, you can start Looking
Automated Fake News: BuzzFeed with no employee costs
A Machine Language Monitor (debugger) I wrote for hardware I reverse engineered.
Pairing housing prices with Louisville crime data to help is house buying experience.
A smart power sensing application, that keeps you prepared and connected through your work day.
The Chess of the future
Get more bang for your buck. Don't eat poor, just because you are.
A Smarter Way to Care
A ecommerce site for a project that raises funds and empowers Syrian refugees living in Istanbul, Turkey.
SnapCal makes the calories in your food transparent.
Your "out of storage" camera.
To provide citizens with up to date safety information because a smarter citizen is a safer citizen.
Web App that features a simulation based off of true stories, with the aim to kick harassment in the work place.

Calculate not just the fastest route between you and your destination, but the safest, too!
Send messages using only facial gestures
Create an app that was going to help women feel safe by having a quick and discrete way to contact others
Delivery Help is an Android app for domestic violence support disguised as a food delivery finder.

an elegant machine learning framework designed to unlock human-centered insights across every field
To maintain hygiene of hands in hospitals or restaurants, Smart watch on the hand can monitor how clean the handsare
BestMatch is a matchmaking platform based on crowd sourcing.
Buy and Sell on the Meme Market

A fun application to teach students about the stock market using Instagram!
An incremental game that helps kids learn to type!
Sweeping away the mess of iOS development
We love plants. We'll help you love yours.
Cat + Costume = Purr-fect!
How do you enjoy a new city hassle free?
A system to simplify and enhance package tracking and locating.
The PMC lets a doctor know whether the medication they will prescribe will interfere with previous/current ones
A digitized queue line for Smith's TA hours that allows users to add their names from their laptops.
SmartBooth utilizes high-fidelity AR codes to increase exhibitors profits by maximizing attendees engagement.
An app designed to encourage friends and group members to arrive promptly at events with a novel twist.
An interactive exercise app that allows users to work out in the context of a story
a low-bandwidth AR tool for emergency responders
Get some hugs with the Photon Particle Board!
Are you craving something to eat? Unsure of what you want? Use our app krave, to find food, recipes and restaurants!
A tool to help users remember their passwords.
An automated rod that grows as a spine does, preventing the need for biannual surgeries in kids with scoliosis.
It's a website that allows charities and organizations to connect with restaurants and make sure food is not wasted.
An innovative approach to cultivate art and storytelling - for children & adults
A decentralized coffee supply chain and crop financing network over Hyperledger.

Measures how many times you go to Stack overflow

A volume control game
Helping local businesses in Red Hook, Brooklyn
An uber for people in need of care
A GUI for Twitter Sentiment Analysis
Cookin' with rust
Released
My html5 site for theremin society.
Select which meme you want and the program will randomly return a meme of that type
A handy resource for those who want/need information to help them resist oppression.
An EMP device for computer security
Reporting potholes and trolling politicians in one click!
We're using the Muse headband to read brainwaves and control applications through EEG and accelerometer signals.
KoobKoock will respond to alexa with the phrase "What can I cook?" Alexa asks the user for food then gives dishes
Easy to build, quick to assemble!
A space for women to anonymously share and rate their workplace experiences.
Your favorite songs as knitting patterns!
Ask Alexa to suggest a gift for your friends!
the smarter way to shop

Donate stock to charity
Google Maps off the grid.
Smart voice assistant for women safety
An interactive, virtual reality typing teacher
Quickly gather contact information via a super fast, real time, backend service hosted by Firebase.

Consumer facing, crowd sourced, machine learning network to decipher handwritten numeric values.

empowering women in need..
Tinder4Tech lets aspiring programmers learn by finding friends, mentors, and projects near them.
In a world full of Super Powers, one person must find use for their useless power
AI that calculates how hostile a tweet is
We created a website to allow users and hospitals to share what and when each blood type is in demand.
Using cheap technology to save precious lives
Alexa Survives Calculus !!!
Give text a personal spin, shorten it, lengthen it, or randomize!
We reach faster than the 9-1-1
Did you know that Chipotle with guac is $12? Don't be sad, you can exchange food and extra guac on campus.
An app that let's friends or any group keep track of each other at social events. An alert will go off if you wander.
Drone provided Emergency Services

Swift playgrounds like jupyter notebook using numpy.
Government websites are notorious for being difficult...let's change that and create a new reputation!
ConnectOnCall dramatically improves after-hours communication with patients by integrating with EHR data.
Labor management platform & marketplace helping hospitals better manage their internal & contingent staff.
Be the CEO of your health with Emrify Health Passport and put health information in the right hands at the right time
A voice controlled virtual assistant for a physician to make smarter decisions without dealing with a complex EHR UI

A better way to make a record request
Tandem is a software startup that will revolutionize hospital communications, with an initial focus on the ER.
DocSynk. Your Healthcare. Synchronized.
15 Minutes or 15 Seconds. The right doctor, right now, every time. A complete medical communication solution.
Impenetrable cloud storage with Lockbox. Lock your files with the cloud storage you already use.
Redefine messaging app experience
Riko
My daughter can move illustrations she drew and send it to her father
Smart_Lot informs drivers of vacancies in parking lots by using sensor-equipped IoT devices.

Creating a easy to use, interactive Road-mapping system to help College Students and Advisers plan their classes.
A smart IoT solution for detecting free parking spots, which makes drivers save time and CO2 emissions.
Reading Bus data + Weather data + Machine learning = more efficient management, maintenance, and support
Imagine a satellite which enables anyone to avoid thinking in data transfer, energy and all of those nuisances
Let's help the people who need our support. Every human matters!
This website provides accurate and up to date information on it's domain name's availability.

This project creates a single master UMSL calendar which draws from the numerous current calendars
Ordering Ubers for Unordered groups
Smart parking solution with emphasis on social interactions
You're new in a town and don't know what to do, with our app, just search and it'll take you there, decision free.

Simple harassment detector bot for Facebook -- Developed at HackUPC Winter 2017
Get closer with your pool mates as you compete in fun games
Medbay is an AI-powered medical kit that helps patients with their treatments using voice recognition software.
A new way of making binding proposals for people
App for hitchhikers
Ionic v2 WebApp for FIB API v2 with OAuth v2
Artificial Intelligence that helps people to get know each other with adaptive tips during conversation
Study optimization tool.
Parametrical Speaker
panopticon realtime twitter viewer.

Device that analyse room condition and give some recommendations to users in order to improve their sleep quality
This  web App which would help refugees to connect the outer world and get support for their physical & mental needs.
It's multi-platform, network-adaptive, cloud-based time clock management solution for businesses
i accidentally paid $40 for this domain
Smart Roomba that follows you using facial recognition. Track your Smart Roomba using our dashboard.
Combatting sexual harassment using targeted ML and NLP
Good memes ruin employment dreams
An app to score driving quality using accelerometer data. We crowdsource the data to predict street potholes.
Using the brain force to control lightsaber
Tagline
Your closet assistant
Scaling your startup's culture.
I Dnd model for Star Wars when the dungeon master controls the environment with amazon alexa
Arduino controlled Javascript X-Wing game
A program that analyzes Tweets and gives user's a rating based on how positive or negative their Tweets are.
De-Domesticating todolist
Putting real time bus information in the hands of the people
Automated self driven conveyer monitoring car for mining industry.
RoadBrain aims to improve road safety & reduce its maintenance cost by automatically detecting and mapping potholes
Customizable analytics tool for aerial images
Smart cargo delivery monitoring solution
An elegant corn site that prevents adolescents from viewing potentially harmful material
DJ Queue is the DJ that works for you. We allow for a democratic process for party goers.
A platform for finding jobs and finding employees
An interactive sign language translator incorporated into video chat
Browse the web with peace of mind
Counting Calories Made Simple.
Location-based storybook.
Control a turtle bot with Alexa
A VR Game inspired by the days of sci-fi old.
Song analysis with Gracenote
STEME finds and recommends STEM field careers a user might be interested in, based on articles he or she reads.
Enabling people with a disability to interact with their environment by mapping their cognitive load to music
A dynamic visualization tool using the Martello API that allows users to monitor their network.
An emergency alert and notification system for sexual harrasment
Use our knowledge of engineering to build a hardware+software based project: miniature tornado chamber
Visualizing your home network
#african#animals#migration#aam#krugerbuffalo#kruger#buffalo
Solving UMSL's parking issues by using computer vision in conjunction with low-cost deployable hardware.
A Virtual Reality game that utilizes a rockband guitar to shoot down flying robot-targets.
Ever wanted to know how high you need to jump to dunk a basketball or how well you stack up against the pros?
One stop events calendar for coordinators, students & staff
Game to help children draw shapes!
Ever heard of Twitch plays pokemon? Well now you can do the same thing with a Roomba!
A web app to track and increase audience engagement in real time while delivering stage talks
We designed an app that displays UMSL's garage availability to the user in real time with continuous updates
Exterminat0r is a multi-platform VR first-person shooter game with complex character and projectile motion.
Enriching the creative process with Augmented Reality
It's a convenient database for pictures of previous shows to be used as a reference in future projects.
UMSL| Marketplace
A Smart Fridge that uses Computer Vision to log in food, keeps user updated by SMS, and provide recommendations.
We randomed a game in video game generator
UMSLHack 17 project

Our project is a mobile app that facilitates with student recruitment.
A social and fun way of a discussion forum for the students to interact based on their field of study and interest.
Biometric Authenticated Stealth Safety App
With Nestbot, you can now have the control of your entire home at your fingertips.
Have Trump say anything you want!
This is an app that was designed to help you get your drivers license.
A new way to privately and securely chat with your friends and coworkers.
A revolutionary way to experience your favorite content. Stream videos while live chatting with other viewers.
Your game is their story.
Just a rolling ball collecting and interacting
Provides the optimal route to a location using buses and best time to leave
Grouping up with your friends
Holding Binghamton landlords accountable
Prevent future epidemics after droughts and floods by knowing where to deploy fresh water in high-risk zones of Kenya
get out challenge #OpenDataHack hydroelectric projections
a Pebble app for SUNY Binghamton's bus system
Like Schedulizer but smarter.
Provides an extra hand for caregivers which helps alleviate concerns for the safety and happiness of loved ones
It's a project for a showcase
Rendre la cueillette des dchets intelligente et co-responsable.
Play 2048 via E-Mail (Powered by SendGrid)!
Use Natural language processing to make sentences sound like the Joseph Ducreux meme
Outil de promotion du transport actif pour les entreprises
Listen to original music created by other users and get yours heard!
Pour mettre fin aux remorquages pendant les oprations dneigement!
Transform the way veterans apply for disability.
Petper el asistente personal para jvenes con trastornos de atencin nace de la carencia de programas para apoyarlos.
Vimage allows you to add a layer of video onto any printed material using augmented reality technology.
Passive Collection and Active Collaboration for the academic, industrial, and government research spaces.
mobile self-affirmations on demand

Play three unbeatable games for as long as you can!
A solution for cities to increase the level of garbage recycled and to make the jobs of those who collect it better
Record Hearthstone videos or gameplay to allow the application to parse the video and output text of player actions
Mechanic at home; tinker with complex systems in virtual reality.
SwitchStream is the leading video platform for software developers
Let your family know your safe before you get deported!!!
Buscamos generar atencin de calidad para todos los nios con problemas de aprendizaje.
Digitally tag different video takes with slate info (eg. description, scene) and identifying actors for easy preview.
Find out......
We wanted to recognize all the locations seen in  movies or videos.
Karaoke For All!
Application stimulant le transport actif.
Race other taxi's for fares in cities around the world
Artistic journey of the inwards experience of mental health issues, aiming to raise awareness and understanding.
Mercury purple velvety dreams
a relatively clever health nut bot
Text Mining and Semi-Supervised Ensemble Learning to detect harassment in SMS
A 3D Vr hunting game coupled with a 2d game
An inovative way of saving money using your purchase history
The Virtual Drum enables you to experience an unreal music tactile sensation,It turns your screen into living studio
Google data on your screen!
Making Mortgages easier for both Barclays and for the customer
I've fallen and I can't get up!
Our project captures a user's brainwaves during a video conversation, enriching the experience for both sides,
Replacing traditional authentication method by using device fingerprinting for seamless login experience for customer
Your maze, your hiss
futuristic door management
smart fast paced hardware game
Sort.AI is an Windows service concept that sorts your files automatically using the Google Natural Language API
So... You've heard of Facebook? Get ready, for Fakebook. It's Facebook except you can post as anyone.
An implementation of a thesaurus in JavaScript and Python using the algolia API and Flask for the backend.
Real time 3D visualisation of trains
"What puns can you think of based on motorised linear potentiometer"
We made a conversational commerce bot. Its first application is in the Cannabis industry.
Facepaint is a web app that uses voice and head motion for painting on a screen canvas.
Curated news for your Safe Space
Meet the Parents! A place for moms and dads to find other like minded moms and dads!
Budgie Bites is a site to come to find the best, budget friendly local food in and around Victoria, BC.
slack challonge integration
An app to sell to grocery stores that allow them to quickly sell food
A Twitter bot that uses image recognition to compliment you and your friends
Read outloud signlanguage to help communication between the deaf and hearing.
Hack for hack UVic 2017
An Image-Guided Gripper for Height Accesibility
Making Wheelchairs more effective for the disabled using Smart Glasses!
SMS chat bot for managing patient satisfaction surveys, transitions of care and ongoing care management outreach.
Creating Harmonious Anti-Bullying Growth for Everyone
Use your phone as a mouse using your phones accelerometer!
Rent books from your neighbors when books aren't at the library.
A high percentage of Veterans don't have a Will or estate planning documents. No Will? Big Mistake
When a simple text, meme, or gif isn't enough to share how you are feeling at the moment, use Jukebox!
Design tool for creating physical+augmented experiences
Millions of dollars in royalties are lost. We provide credit back to the composers by utilizing concert crowds!
A magical musical instrument on a greble cube...
An Epic Augmented Reality Music Controller and Visualization Tool for Studios and Live Acts
Capturing interactive scenes from movies to view on your phone
Tuneback is a music application that take users on a curated multi-track journey to discover the lineage of a song.
Letting musicians extend there instruments include the crowd itself by integrating the phone of fans
Conflict management-trained vets on call for vets in crisis - anytime, anywhere.
A beautiful dimsum handbook
Stand is an iOS app which acts as a feel-better tool for people with mood disorders
A secure outlet where survivors can maintain anonymity, share stories & build confidence to take action & get help
A health monitoring device designed from scratch
Innovative Healthcare Platform with IOT and Advanced API
Medical Drugs Buying, Prescribing and Pharmacy Inventory Management System
Cheer is an app that chats with you to determine if you are prone to depression, suicide, or other mental illnesses.
An app designed to revolutionize music control and productivity.
Keyboard for people with ALS that is more robust, cheaper, and lower maintenance than the current robotic approach.
A website that allows the user to draw their math problem in order to get an answer, regardless of handwriting.
A language crash-course for travellers.
Fight street harassment
Easily manage your campaigns with D&D Manager
Alternative Donald Trump Speech Generator
A carriage, a porter and briefcase enter a bar.
Multiplayer Snake with Micro:Bits, Leap Motion and Keyboard
Worlds best digital therapist
An app which made breaktime great again!
Multiplayer space survival adventure using microbits with an 8 bit retro theme.
Enabling live accelerometer and other information transmission from microbits to PC
We'll build a web app and make AWS pay for it!
an attempt at making a poker AI bot using the AIgaming API
Predictive Modelling of Medical Appointments
What's in your makeup?
An engaging game accompanied by hardware customisations and progress analytics to support Cystic Fibrosis physio
Physio made fun, the sky is the limit
its a play on colors
A CIA hackable rc car for all of your spying purposes
A raspberry that detect motion and take a picture with the source of motion
Turns a raspberry pi into a PWM controller for a rgb led strip
Detection -> Recognition -> Translation
An easy way to get motivated for the rest of the day by receiving a tweet every morning
LEDs blink in sync with music
A Home Automation System for the Dorm
Navigate through a minefield of magnet in 30 seconds. Accidentally trigger a switch, and the game is over.
A synchronized speaker system with LED displays
Situation descriptor using Google Cloud Vision API and Rasberry Pi which doubles as a home automation system.
Resistor Color Band Reader
Give2Get is the revolutionary app that allows you to get paid while leveraging your social media influence.
An IOS app that simplifies the process of donating to charities.
You dont have to walk to wardrobe for selecting the right clothes just pick up phone and then take those ones out.
When mini golf meets computer engineering - the scorecard of the future
We provide a possible way of failure dection in AUVs using redundancy management with five sensed values.
Using an unsupervised, multimodal approach for detecting and predicting failure
Listen to your baseball games interactively.
Image Clustering used to detect Buoys
"A place for singles to become doubles"
MyChef is an app that allows the average household to reduce food waste and save money spent on groceries.
When was the last time you talked about sex?
Getting through your day the best possible way.
Make music from baseball pitch data
A way for fans of non-local baseball teams to find places to watch games
An urban drone traffic management system that visualizes regional drone activities and indicates regulations
It's lit... Literally!
Sportify is an advanced exercise music application that helps you truly "Run the Beat"!
Augmented reality: the next step toward the ultimate baseball fan experience
A detector for your smoke detector
Ruin your favorite videos in one easy step
The worlds information embedded into your enviroment
Predictive tool for baseball fans to choose their seats where there's the highest chance of catching a home run ball
Live donation collector, without any gameplay
shortens Olympic vods to only show highlights
A chat bot to allow easy access to mental health services in the Waterloo region.
Retail industry is DYING.Retail stores are struggling to keep up and need to embrace new way of visualizing data.
Two terrible terminal projects in one day
Everyones a winner in the MLB. Just tweet and see.
A twitter bot that tweets whenever there's a possible or completed walkoff.
A baseball scorecard
An iOS application that uses live data to allow for strategic positioning and efficiency for ride share drivers.
Dont know how to cook? This hot new web-app will randomly generate fun recipes for you to follow!
a really bad game of shogi
Augmented Reality Billboards
an efficient and streamlined schedule manager
Import a midi file, play All Star to the tune of it
A wireless protocol for the privacy-concious
Have you ever thought "C++ would be perfect to write a quick script, but that's just too easy?" No longer.
Gatekeep with ease.
Generates high-quality Expanding Brain memes.
This games are next generation high technology good quality
A collaborative note-taking platform
Casual head-to-head fantasy baseball draft minigame
A modern day app for the modern day dog owner.
Spice up your math assignments by inserting lemmas taken from "Mathematical Theorems you had no idea existed, ..."
An all-in-one iOS app for your battery problems, drinking problems, and self defence.
Streamers everywhere!
The Energy Counter is a website that keeps track of how much energy you use at home.
ride sharing web application for Tri-Co students
The most genuine view from a fooodie
memes m8
plants r frends, N0T food
Too lazy to read the ingredient list? Take a picture and find out if your treat is vegan :3 (only works sometimes..)
A robot cat that will run away from your actual cat.
Find the worst prof for a specific subject a user entered, using a web crawler that scrapes data from RateMyProf
gives you solutions to puzzles and also lists and numbers of solutions
Multi-language Cross-platform compiler which only accepts images as source files
Highly distressed aubergine.
Social coding
mobile controlled retriever
It's SQL in HTML!!!
Bored at the Bico
An android app which is supposed to play you mad world by gary jules if it's supposed to rain during the day.
Smart Camera: Smart Interactive Photos Using Computer Vision & Machine Learning
Can we control a robotic car by sending text commands via Slack? Generate routines, tricks, or even a personality!
Control your robot using your Touchbar
Automating the interviewing process using Siamese Recurrent Networks
Meal planner and shopping list on the go.
Improving memory for Altzheimer's and other brain diseases one quiz at a time.
Learn to code with paper coding blocks and a camera
Taking a file and using simple steganography to make encoded images.
Kickflip is a party texting game that uses twilio api and node.js
Wall Hacks is a high intensity, top-down shooter where the stakes are high and the competition is your own friends!
Using machine learning, the app provides personalized feedbacks on course workload in nice data representation.
music player/visualization project
A portal for better college admission!
Can you find the perfect picture?
A wonderfully simple, summarized reading experience!
Talk to alexa, get an image
An electronic color palette allowing designers to harness the beauty of a colorful world.
DeeAudio is a Windows application for peer-to-peer voice chat that processes audio in real-time.
Natural Language Processor for Identifying Harassing Tweets
Institutionalized Crowdfunding
Rock out alone or with your friends. All you need is a leap motion, and funk.
Getting out of potentially unsafe situations with wearable bluetooth technology.
Together, we can save the planet from carbon monoxide poisoning.
A robot that plays the xylophone
Mapingo is like Tapingo, but better. It optimizes orders based on location and makes waiting for food inexistent.
Using NLP and machine learning to verify if a news article is real or fake news!
VR Air Traffic Control Simulator
Tired of controlling your boring over priced fan? want to do it in a more lazy, more inefficient way? Look no further
Pebble Prompter is an auto scrolling teleprompter, showing the next ~10 words of your speech based on what you read.
Helps employers or managers to track employee's extra works
Immersive and interactive VR air traffic control using Alexa
Kioto drives user engadgement with anotation and sharing.
Emergency services at the touch of a button
Short Animated Drawing Snaps
A Twitter client that blocks out fake news and cyberbullying, and simplifies your Twitter feed.
Compress your favorite images into emojis!
Enhancing the Lives of Homeless Youth through Artificial Intelligence
Shelfie will use cameras to count how much supply for each brand of drink is in a cooler.
Using the Wolfram Alpha: Determine a Feasible configuration for a Neural Network
Utility for reporting harassment incidents in a more private and mobile manner.
Keep your mood up with music all across the room
A smarter way to shop for apartments.
An Automated Music Composer
BusinessSync is the technological revolution that will replace the aging, traditional business card.
Apartment hunting can be hard. We wanted to make it easier, and safer for everybody. So, we did.
Get Focal. Get focus
Get started with the stock market by letting Enrich make investments for you.
a encouraging twitter friend that sends out wholesome messages as often as you want.
Smart Notetaking
Medical Monitoring and Disease Prognosis for Doctors in Rural Regions
A language learning app that combines augmented reality and image recognition for an immersive experience.
An app that lets you report phone numbers who act unethically, and find phone numbers of people who act unethically.
We'll help you match the face to the name
Keep your portfolio at the tip of your fingertips with real-time market data and investing advice. Anywhere. Anytime.
A low power, secure tracking system to track the life-cycle of every pill on the planet.
A randomly-generated infinite scroller game!
Do you ever forget whether you're holding a banana or not? Well, Alexa checks so you don't have to! Banana man can!!!
Mental illness affects many people. FreeMind is a tool to advise healthcare professionals with mental illness cases.
CorpSquare - find out where your coworkers have been to help you decide where to go when you're traveling.
Provides a home when you need it most.
An online multiplayer turn-based game that utilizes Amazon Web Sevices
Powertools for your Mailbox
Artificially Intelligent Sales Forecasting for the Innovative Company
A resource hub for LGBTQ+
helping others find the best things to do
Ollie Williams Tells You The Weather - Using @mailjet, @weatherunderground, @crunchbaseapi
Convert speech to LaTeX
HAH (This is no laughing matter)
Music note arranger based on images
Crime solutions for the digital age
It's a brave new world for investors, so PodStock is promoting collaborative education and reducing financial risk.
Why pay for a smart home when you can make one?
Help adopt more pets
MyDailyTrends provides an efficient and personalized way for busy people to stay updated with current social trends.
An entirely new way to capture, remember and experience nail polish colors.
A web app that enables children to learn to code, discuss with their peers, understand code errors, and more.
Alexa custom skill - Curates list of playlists depending on how the user's mood for that day is
Because you should enjoy your business trips.
Argos visualizes Crunchbase data #hackdisrupt
Foci allows users to maximize their efficiency with music through analysis of brain waves.
Have you ever given money to a friend but they forgot to pay you back? This app will ensure that never happens again.
Drawing inspiration from the app Tinder, #include<Me> assists in finding people like you at any meetup or convention
ScryVR transforms your environment into a virtual workbench to assemble and export single page angular 1 applications
The only bud that you'll ever need-your BUDget.
Note Sharing for the Y Generation
An immersive, in depth CPR training experience utilizing VR technology.
Poligrade rapidly analyzes politicians' Twitter interactions with their constituents
An iMessage game of tower defense where friends take turns attacking and defending
Crowdsource your playlist
An online community that lets people connect and help one another learn languages
Credit cards faster and easier with chatbots - choose CardBot!
Free food based on location
Do you have the heart to save a life?
Using neural networks to predict loan endangerment
The chatbot for foreign language learners.
A web application that allows users to keep a recorder of the places they have traveled to.
An underwater roguelike where a lost explorer searches for the legendary treasure of Atlantis
An iOS app to streamline the process of creating personalized travel itineraries to explore cities
Consolidate NLP and supervised learning decided harassing tweets on Google Maps API using location data
Sail Through Your Expenses
Targeting the global food crisis using the power of smartphones
Confirm the right decision to Uber home with DriveClear, the only app to compare sober and non sober test results.
VR simulation to help alleviate panic attacks
It's a magic floating piano you can't see
Detect air pollution and get rid of it by ventilating your house automatically
Make someone's day.
You are a man who is trapped in a mental hospital. All patients have turned into zombies, and you must escape alive.
Trojan Bot is a chatbot that makes it easy for you to find info about USC on the go.
Scan Twitter for harassment tweets
Ever find your self scrolling through DEN videos searching for a topic right before a midterm? Well, scroll no more!
Perfect Pic
Secret the app for Enterprise 2.0
My dogs are barking
A fishery distribution system that optimizes delivery to drought regions as a stable supplement for food shortage.
InstaNurse is a virtual digital nurse which is capable of providing instant diagnosis of medical symptoms.
An application that plays music to match your mood.
Get Ready to Thrive -- Increase Your Productivity and Prepare for Success!
A chrome extention that lets us leverage our time on social media to do social good
Challenging word association game to increase your vocabulary and have fun doing it
Sharing is caring
We are here to solve the hunger problem at Morocco!
We are a marketplace for people to sell their technical projects to the right buyer.
virtual reality meets urban planning
ROAHS is the internets first emergency help system.
Tired of waiting for the bus? LazyBus will tell you exactly when to leave to get to the bus right when it's boarding!
Laser tag anytime, anywhere
Never leave items behind on public transit!
Receive real time personalized feedback about your motions in order to become the best athlete you can
A smart analytics for farmers to efficiently grow crops
The perfect VR work-out simulator to keep you in shape, especially on rainy days.
A personalized app that tracks your alcohol intake (short-term and long-term) and checks in to make sure youre ok.
Word Chain is a fun and engaging speech game where Amazon Alexa is the users opponent through Amazon Echo.
something fishie - click the goldfish win the game
Diagnosis of illnesses from user symptoms
Crowd-created boards for those in need of cheer, good luck, and love
Play old classics with a new twist.
Saving lives ... one drone at a time
Hand gesture controlled compact rover with magnetic towing abilities
A Crowd-sourced security software that provides protective eyes on everything from the border to store shrink.
A social memory companion
Creating Alexa skill in Node.js to enable Alexa to empathize with and help a user who is feeling low.
Save the planet!

Plan your next travel with friends!
Save, share, and show information in a way that suits a modern era in computing.
hunch collider for geeks
Extracting Data from SleepMachines
Super Simple Password Protection
Turn any surface into a touchscreen using piezos and time of arrival multilateration
Search through and manipulate physical text as though it were a digital file on your computer
Meet and connect with people super easily!
An assistive tool for the partially sighted, using computer vision, AR and audio feedback.
The smallest tots deserve the largest joys; introducing the robot that brings dance to the differently abled
Post-operative rehab made simpler.
A light weight bracelet, which helps people with allergies and food intolerances avoid problematic food when shopping
Ever sent an emotionally charged message on a whim - causing you to unintentionally offend others? FRET NO MORE.
Never miss a great opportunity
A way to visualize the immense scale of outer space.
A hack for social good to teach younger children and adults about the importance of money management
Introducing the next generation search system for disaster management
Generate rap music lyrics from data learning by training lyrics data.
Why send soundless GIFs through Facebook Messenger when you can quote your favorite songs and audio clips?
The digital drinking game that focuses on what you are worst at. Enter a new age of drinking.
NAMVT (Not Another Monzo Visualisation Tool)
Capture your next great photo.
Make sure you're saving money by using secrets as collateral
Mix, blend, and be the DJ you always wanted to be and control VirtualDJ software using Leap Motion
Superimpose an emergency warning onto your Smart TV
We turn a single piece of paper into a trackpad for your computer. No wires or anything, just a plain piece of paper
A Chrome extension that turns online sadness into dank programmer memes.
Point-to-Speech provides individuals who are unable read the ability to hear the text of any page.
The idea is that you will be punished for procrastination, and rewarded when you do not procrastinate.
Internet users, particularly women, are often sent unwanted NSFW imagery. We aim to facilitate SFW social media.
The very first user friendly platform for cryptocurrencies with cycle trading algoritms and a connected chatbot.
Scan flyers to generate calendar events
The only totally secure, auditable, entirely open-source pastebin
In need of an app that keeps your links? We present a tool to keep your links in a good, organised way.
A VR simulation for a customer to experience their reflexes and dodge projectiles based on audio visual cues.
The app pairs young woman interested in STEM with females in the industry to combat the stigma around women in STEM.
Cleaning up stuff since 2017. But only when we have to.
Staying at work is okay with GoneGuilt
Code that simultaneously mitigates DDoS attacks and harnesses computer power of devices to fundraise for opensource
Using social media and IOT to further social interaction.
Using the Watson AI to hack team dynamics through communication and feedback analysis
Our app aims to end close-mindedness and help people understand the lives of the people they pass everyday.
AI-generated compelling multimedia journal based on users voice and social media input
A project dedicated to stopping the dissemination of false news sources and "alternative facts."
Learn to remember the way Sherlock does using a fusion of Virtual Reality and Natural Language Processing
See the world through a digital lens with computer vision, natural language processing, and Google Home integration
Let's do this together.
Fraud Detection through MySQL and Python
A casual stroll in the park. Fight a machine that learns against you. Stay happy or die from stress.
Find an open study room without the hassle of checking it in person
Intelligent image compression algorithm on image macros for the modern web
Finding just and varied news articles so that you don't have to
A simple mobile web game that aims to keep a monkey from getting a banana
The Smart Bar is an IoT barbell that has the potential to enhance your workout through the magic of data analytics.
Revolutionizes control of fixed-camera drones
For When You Can't Be
Manage all your visitors with a secure and flexible platform.
This three part project intends to help restaurants by automating orders, payments, and other general operations.
Feeding the homeless just became a win-win for the homeless and the economy
Bringing small businesses into the 21 century with smart, effortless scheduling.
Recycl-O is a portable machine that enables a hassle-free practice and promotion of sustainability awareness.
A clean d3 web application to explore complex datasets.
Chaos is a platform that cloaks users browsing patterns to prevent external parties from gathering meaningful data
syntactic/semantic searching in a Python code base
This project combines sentiment analysis and machine learning to determine whether tweets include offensive language.
A Budgeting app that allows you to visualise your spending data!
Appointment management system with two point checkin at security and the front desk. Auto syncd with ardruino
protect your computer's territory with a computer vision enabled rubber band shooter
Interaction with Amazon Alexa to interact with the visitors.
An artificial intelligence system that determines whether a given statement is true or false
A game about atmosphere and short story
When you're really feeling that special kind of meat, but don't know where to go, MeetMeat will save the day!
Stopping Harrasment is hard, so we got parents to help us
Slenderman in a maze, enough said
Our project eases the check-in authorization process for offices and apartments.
Missed that perfect snap? Resurrect a memory from moments ago!
Remove the unnecessary and Recognize the important
A VR Stock Market Game: Here, money really does grow on trees!
Mapping and exploring arguments to understand nuanced perspectives.
very sexy extensible IoT for the modern man
attempts a linear regression and 1D plotting within VR using Google Cardboard and JS for cytometry using FlowJo.
temp
Learning to code, compete and achieve.
Helping teachers help students with targeted machine learning, facial recognition, and sentiment analysis
Expand your horizons to the world: an automated system to find potential angel investors...and reach out to them
Allowing peer to peer network access using lasers as a data transmission medium
Play playstation games with your thoughts, and have athletes know how much fans mentally want them to win.
A virtual Physics Lab teacher
CARLsitter is a cloud connected robot that keeps an eye and ear on young children.
SoundSpot uses music to establish secure connections and communicate tangible messages across multiple devices.
A Budget Concious Supermarket Analytics Application
Indubitably
It's a retro-styled minigame that allows the user to move around to collect various powerups and pizza slices.
Your personal robot helper.
Intelligent financial analytics via cross platform bots!

Minority Report style Brick Breaker with LeapMotionfor 2 Players Like Pong
bullies are bad, we make them good again
A chrome extension that generates content warnings for websites.
Software that studies the happiness census of the human race as well as follow athletic heroes aspiring for gold.
A cheaper alternative 3D printer motion system with properties similar to a Delta 3D printer
solar system
Intellibot, HACKHARRASMENT
Empowering the future generation to lead sustainability and innovation for the LA community and beyond
A platform to make it easier for students to connect
Giving you a new pair of eyes for your legs
At LA Hacks 2017, I created a potential website for the 2024 Olympics which would help enhance the fan experience.
Food chatbot that compiles a wide range of data & actively learns a user's food habits for personalized suggestions
A smart two-way mirror fused together with the capabilities of a monitor and a Leap Motion!
Bringing the party to everyone that's invited.
Use Phased Array Audio to Project Sound Where You Want It
When you meditate, do you find it to be non-immersive? We have the solution for you with a light-hearted touch.
This webapp helps groups decide what to eat through an anonymous voting system.
a wifi mapping and optimal router placement android app
We'll take care of the cooking, while you conquer the world!
Eye Drive's goal is to help the driver drive safely without getting distracted
When you have a number of groceries and don't know what to make, simply scan what you've got and our app will help
Augmented Reality Personal Finance.
A declarative approach to building web UIs and prototyping using nothing but JSON.
8-bit Guitar Hero
facial recognition for pill dispenser

Can a sentiment analysis of Shakespeare tell us how a narrative is constructed?
Enable Shams Dubai to be for everyone
We are the electricity currency trading platform
Save and earn for free
Sound to Electrical Energy
The most high-tech update this group needed while pushing for sustainability and future compatibility
A user-friendly application that streamlines the data-entry process to use World Bank's Curb tool.
QCare dashboard for ID Hack 2017
Conflict-resolution processes can be greatly facilitated and provide actionable insights using network visualizations
Exercise metrics for cyclists
A common platform that bridges the gap between Refugees and other stakeholders
A cute little couple of pages to bring a little ~joy~ into your life
Walk for a good cause.
Butterfl-eye is a modern visual communication service to assist patients with ALS, Parkinson's, stroke, and paralysis
On Call gives emergency instructions audibly and responds to verbal commands.
Raindrop, drop top
Congratulations new Mommy! Share the good news with your loved ones.
An informative and user friendly platform to address gender pay gap issues and incite change.
Helping women make informed decisions while walking alone.
An inclusive period-tracker!
This is a project that wants to showcase the diversity of the participants at Codecamp.
Prediction of the probability of the movement of the stock
Find and shows hospitals nearby and their wait times!
Basic model to detect breast cancer.
Whales are the best
KAEC For ALL Smart City Mobile App is for anyone who wants to live, visit, do business, invest, or manage KAEC.
2 is Greater than 1 gives a platform for women in engineering to feel less alone.
We were inspired by ISU diversity goal number four and decided to make a website for students
KLASS App is the next-gen system that provides each student a personalized experience from their mobile device.
Complete these tasks to escape A Island
Better reading tool for people with Dyslexia
Fostering Collaboration between Photographers and Customers to Develop the Perfect Picture
A visualization and data analytics platform to assess the financial viability of a materials solution on PV installs.
SnapEval is a mobile-first performance evaluation system for real-time feedback and management
Pooling energy storage units together and optimize across multiple revenue streams
A blockchain solution to facilitate the fair and transparent trading of Renewable Energy Certificates.
CumuloNimble is a home automation application which intelligently reduces energy consumption at critical times.

Copper: From ore to the prized treasure
Bullet-hell meets classic arcade in this Lockheed Martin themed game
Khirbat Nuqayb al-Asaymir!

real time, enterprise grade portfolio and risk management for mobile
Tim, a personal networking assistant, uses AI and social media sentiment to connect you with the right person.
AR pong - people use body to control paddles
Leveraging Titanium to build mobile-first Salesforce solutions for the enterprise!
Neural network in C. Compiled to LC3. Run on our home-grown LC3 simulator.
Fun interactive maps using IBM Watson and court data provided by Finra
We designed and built a robotic arm which will learn to type using machine learning.
Don't let bots send emails for you, protect your email
Beautiful Timer for Jira
Gourdo uses ultrasonic sensing and smart grid integrations to help the blind enjoy their world.
Fast, easy, and secure mobile payments via QR codes
InSight uses your phones camera/location along with Clarifai and Foursquare APIs to tell you what you're looking at.
Explore a unique juxtaposition of current and past at the ancient copper mines of Khirbat El-Nahas.
Making relationship decisions for other people. Live.
goodbot is a slack bot that monitors messages and images posted in order to mark content as inappropriate.
An easier way to manage your bar!
Love dank memes? Well this Chrome Extension will supply your everyday need of dank memes.
This is a product that allows the common person to get a taste of what being inside an ATC tower feels like.
Lack of water causes numerous health issues. H2O encourages you to stay hydrated to keep your Droplet alive.
Great application to visualize which investment advisors are
What seems like a middle school gossip platform is really a bait-and-switch that instead educates against bullying.
Zing allows users to easily manage general/ mental health by connecting them to doctors and tracking their routines.
Bluetooth for the paranoid white collar environment.
A Truly P2P Lending Platform that uses innovative underwriting to create better rates for borrowers and lenders.
Soar your way to the top.
Don't have the time to view a video? Need to cram for an exam? Now you can!
A nonjudgmental AI that cares about your mental health.
A Distributive Tech Stack monitoring system for squeezing every last cent out of your application hosting.
A new sustain pedal for MIDI pianos which follows current IoT trends
Our tool expands the the usability of human-computer interfaces to those without motor skills or ability to speak
It's a way to keep your mind at ease against something that is easily preventable but not easily detected.
A game soundtrack everywhere you go!
A new way to doodle that you have never seen before!
You send it a picture and it mansplains the picture back to you.
Going to College does not mean graduating with debt
Community driven service providing home cooked meals
Phone Enabled Message Board
A customize-able, cute smart home that integrates hardware technology learning while playing with dolls!
Taking Attendance made easy through the use of Onyx beacons
An intuitive platform for helping common citizens discover volunteering opportunities.
Helping homeless women find feminine hygiene products
Dress the best without the stress
Digital tour guides for smartphones offers KAEC's changing demographics relevant contextual information based on GPS
nerve bridges the gap between our country's homelessness epidemic and the people who have the nerve to make a change.
Striding towards a cleaner neighborhood
Experience the essence of apartment living, conveniently reduced to a series of fun mini games. Its suiter with you!
An easy-to-use app that generates a list of walks nearby you, so that you don't have to walk alone.
Our app shows users the proper form for exercises at the gym
A Water Conservation hardware + Application that tracks the amount of water used+ the amount of water saved over time
An app for basic neighborhood needs that allows users to connect with others and provide safe transportation.
Addressing challenges of modern cities designed from scratch !
App to display critical information for robotics tournaments
Store your daily memories through a phone call, to remember your good times and bad times through it all
All you online tormentors out there, Be aware
Minigames for Oculus Rift with Unity to combat Amblyoipa, an eye condition that can be fixed with childhood training.
Making the lives of teachers easier at Hughes High School (and beyond)
Infested Land multiplayer cross-platform zombie game
Self hosted Google Photos alternative with a Raspberry Pi, IBM Watson, and Alexa.
VR guessing game. Objects are hidden by a grid of blocks. Guess the object before all blocks disappear!
An app that streamlines coordination among friends and acquaintances to meet at certain times, dates, and places.
A tracking system for your subconscious moods
A basic VR simulation using 360 videos and images to help those with sensory processing disorders to adapt
Its the pictionary implementation you never knew you wanted!
This app will provide an easy way for high school students to master their AP Tests.
We applied IoT way of thinking to solve two real-life problems: street light power saving and egg pasteurization
The motivation your kids need!
Reward students for good grades.  Supporters give you money for every A you earn in class.
Drive your car chocked full of knowledge
Energetic VR Rhythm Game
A tool for professors to engage better with their students and receive a timely feedback
text reminder program
Alexa app to integrate to Canvas
This app gives students food rewards for participating in events run by groups and organizations around campus.
Simplifying the recruiting process by automating the screening levels using Alexa VUI.
Smile and frown your way to victory at smile-run.net!
Web app that detects ASL gestures through Leap Motion and outputs corresponding Letters
Wearable device+app detecting stress through temperature; plays Spotify or opens a dog/memes slideshow to sooth user.
It does a thing
Let business come to you through ReBay! Sit back and relax as sellers bid lower and lower for your business.
Our project aims to visualize the experience of a woman in stem growing up
We're here to make your online shopping experience easier and more accessible!
An app to try on clothes using a webcam and a bot
A Vagina's a girl's best friend, but how well do you actually know her?
A web platform designed to rank tech companies based on diversity, mobility, transparency, and environment.
You get it? DOMAINate? Best domain name ever I promise.
Re-imagining the White Cane for Visually Impaired Individuals through Technology
An application that translates digital pictures into Braille
A proactive addition for home thermostats which allows for more efficient heating and cooling times.
Electronic Chess-board that registers user moves and displays legal moves
Allows multiple users to program on the same project simultaneously over a server-client relationship.
Working out around the world
The safe, and secure platform for connecting Students all across Ontario.
Get together and study together, no matter where you are.
Visualization of the relationship between z^2 + c julia sets and the mandelbrot set for education.
A tinder like website for matching mentors with mentees
Your one-stop-app for planning your errand stops to save you money, time, and stress.
We want to encourage the practice of commuting by bike by helping our users see their impact.
An experimental multiplayer game segregating real-time combat across slices of time.
Your website is largest and bigger then needed to be
Digiface turns any camera into the ultimate alert system using neural network facial recognition and object detection
Your little library helper
Make smarter purchases with the help of machine learning.
Automation of the Rental Real Estate process
An 8-bit EEG Brainwave Experience
A multi-platform service which provides health information.
Sentivents is a way to analyze and learn about a specific person on social media.
Using a satirical website to educate about the consequences of climate change & promote environmental sustainability.
A FitBit for your mental health
Rover to spatially map Antarctica's growing rifts
An Io-to-JavaScript compiler written in JavaScript
MyLibrarian helps college students navigate their library quickly.
A simple action oriented campaign to educate the public on how to help the bee population
Helping the elderly help themselves.
Lua to JavaScript Transpiler.
An app for finding food trucks near you to satisfy cravings and support local businesses.
A speech to text web app for students to get transcriptions of lectures
Fine Motor Skills Games Using the Leap Motion
Bringing Books in Budget on your finger tips, Get your updates before Blackboard alert! Book your book on BookMyBook.
Instead of buying an Amazon Echo, just use your pi, connect it to your phone through airplay
Are you hungry? Tinder Me Dinner!
Consolidating patients medical information
Hey! Hey you! Yeah you! Do you wear clothes?! Then this is the app for you!
What floor are you headed to? Also, is your coffee cold?
Build a 3D printed robot and implemented PID control loops for controllable movement
Going for that 3rd place.
Clojure parser and core library in JavaScript, compatible with the Mozilla Parser API.
Skyrim in VR
The A.R.T allows for instant translation of speech to text between any language.
Python parser, Mozilla AST output
Interactive sentiment analysis on replies to President Trump's tweets
An exciting, yet simple game that will draw you in from the beginning.
The Heath Dictionary for Your Alexa!
Using recurrent neural networks to attempt to predict likelihood of winning based on a projects description.
Stocks Earnings Estimizer
Customer activity prediction using machine learning.
Making internet free
It's basically Pokemon Go but better
A highly integrated gateway heat and temperature sensor
no one likes yik yak anymore but people still like writing on the doors of bathroom stalls. This app combines these.
Slice is the easiest way to track your product recalls, packages, price changes and more.
Hilight, Right-Click and RecallPro
Mobile tool that allows you to Monitor the Safety of Things around you
A first step to zero-effort alerts on product recalls
Lists estimated response times of emergency services to a given address using Google Maps API.
Gathering local commentary from Twitter about events in real time
A sound recorder with a remote.
Slack bot that identifies and educates on language that is inclusive of sexual and gender minorities
Live healthy, be wealthy; a mobile program for users that gamifies investing and promotes good health
An online resume processor that helps you find out where and how you fit into the tech companies.
Control your camera with the remote V.BTTN! Trim and merge your clips to create seamless videos.
Talk with your friends and family at the push of a button with V.BTTN Walkie Talkie.
A site for current SR underclassmen to research study away/abroad programs that the college is familiar with.
This app turns V.BTTN to a Smart keychain
TransAmerica wanted an automated conversation application to help with marketing.We delivered exactly that and more!
Automatically sorts images that you take, based on the time of day. Intended for students.
Takes news not popular in your region and injects it into your Facebook news feed
'Jumpy Jeb' is an Android game created with Unity featuring cool pixel graphics and friendly controls!
FLATM8 connects you with awesome flat shares, powered by AI.
Creating data feedback to improve the efficiency and effectiveness.
We made an arcade-style multi-minigame platform, in recognition of the International Earth Day.
Planner integrates a to do list with google calendar to make sure you get your tasks done.
A Brighter way To Charge
A framework for the visualization of trends of geograpically-based data sets
A little late but no more!
Don't just get fit, get NutriFit!
Automated client identification, on-boarding and relationship management for Google Shield
In this project, we examen the global impact one country's GDP has on other countries.
School Comms = More parent engagement + student success. Our app easily manages school communication with parents.
Conversational Financial Coach
Just Do It ... later
An adventure where you play AS Bobo the dog. The mascot of Oakland Technical Highschool.
It generates fractals
Your Vive controller is your cue stick and the balls are planets in this 3D game of pool that's out of this world.
VR Mech Mayhem with VirZoom and Vive
I learned the basic game format and more
Multiplayer coding game. Code against your friends!
Learn about electronic circuits
SEAVR Hackathon 2017 - Boeing Hololens challenge
An easy and cheap system which allows existing restaurants to supply their ordering process with a digital upgrade.
Ridr is a ride-sharing application that encourages and rewards people for being good stewards of the environment.
Unlimited file storage for free using Google Photos
The best decryption of the given code, solely using the Alteryx platform.
share the surplus food or cook together
Get precise step-by-step instructions from our cooking coach communicating with you over voice and gestures.
A missile defense game for the HTC Vive using Vive Tracker devices for physical placement of defenses.
We don't need it in our society. We will detect it,  report it and get rid of it
A 2D side-scrolling platformer game that changes its diffuculty by reading your emotions
Bringing the era of social networking to those who have previously been forgotten.
Wagabon is an application that helps you to find a place where you can have fun in your free time.
We are awesome
Make Progress with ProgEz!
We measure attention scores with a muse headband to evaluate the excitement factor of video advertisement.
A personalized chatbot to advise you on a healthy diet and also provide you with recipes
A simple stock market predictor built with Python and TensorFlow
Twitch Plays Pokemon, but with robots! Also, you can play by text message.
The best way to meet new people and grow your network using Github technology and machine learning metodologies
Sprouds! It is a paper and pencil game that we wanted to bring to android!
Stop STI is a platform for early detection of sexually transmitted infections
Vikings of Christiania
HIGH & LOW Blood sugar levels can kill me... If you want to know my current blood sugar level, text me.
Help prevent the development of diseases with the power of your mobile device.
Router and Camera monitoring for a comprehensive security.
Alexa skills covering your daily needs in Regensburg.
Expanding navigation app capabilities with automotive on board diagnostics data
You're 10-15. You get money from mom&dad, You're still broke. This game will CHANGE YOUR FINANCIAL WORLD FOREVER! (:
Create amazing works of art in the postmodern style
Helping people with ASD interpret social cues and create meaningful interactions.
Multiplayer VR and web game where the VR player is avoiding hazards and bombs being dropped in the virtual world.
Easy and convenient way to manage a fleet that is compatible with any kind of vehicle.
Clean up the parks of Dallas in an Immersive Virtual Reality simulation with room-scale tracking & haptic feedback!
Beacon allows UVA students to walk home with one another. It's intended to provide safety through numbers at night.
Google Artificial Intelligence Assistant
Zeus One is a shoe that generates green energy via walking. The wearble tech reduces pollution from fossil fuels.
Automated Customer Support
A tool people can use to report sexual assault and records the location to aid law enforcement and the general public
A helpful dashboard utility in your center console that gives real time information about your driving habits
An Android app that makes it easy to recognize recyclable items using Computer Vision, NLP, and Machine Learning.
Can't call 911 during an emergency? Text us and we'll do it for you!
Efficient-Scalable-Revolutionary Gas Sensing
punniest domian name submission
Empathy-driven wearable
Making public transport personal
Trusted anonymous system. Get immediate help from doctors, counselors, and supporters through anonymous chat.
Everyone should feel the joy of playing music.  Technology can help.
Find the safest way back home based on surrounding crime data.

Analyze with Ana
It's a resource management game designed to teach kids about the affects of Cyanobacteria in lake Erie
Makes creating charts simple and intuitive using a touch screen interface and backed by machine learning technology!
Connecting Aucklanders
One Hero, Two Gods, One God Helping, One God Hindering. Can the hero make it through his trial?
The Echolocation Glove is a wearable piece of technology that senses distance to objects.
Bringing communities together.
High-tech Safe with Two-Factor Authentification and Remote Access Logging
Shoot bubbles from anywhere, on any terrain.
A game on Biomimicry
An easy way to customize and build your own portfolio online.
PAI.py is a personal assistant designed to answer questions without having to access the internet yourself.
The Big Scary Idea: Universal Basic Income
HuntMaster is a modular framework made to create puzzle hunts at the intersection of reality and technology.
The world's first cross-platform web client for Siri
Real talk is an Alexa skill that asks you about your day to identify patterns that affect your mood.
Decrypt Alteryx Challenge
A Good long ride can clear your mind, restore your faith" Reverever makes your dreams come true in this regard


The Solution to Cinematic Indecision
A platform that helps non-tech stakeholders and project managers to navigate through DevOps tools and architecture

Unleash the power of the elements!
A keyboard on air.
A complex math solver skill built for Amazon's Alexa API
A mobile app that saves students school life.
Makes splitting road trip gas cost effortless from tracking fill-ups to receiving payment.
Rich music created by deep learning.
Hold Engaging Media Conversations with friends!
Find local soccer games and soccer players near you, in real time, on an interactive map.
Hands on 3D modelling, revolutionized
Enhancing education with experiences that are easily presented in virtual reality.
Fill out some MadLibs stories for some good fun and many laughs!
It's just python code that uses the turtle library to draw a Koch SnowFlake
I made a small Battleship game with a simple enemy in Java
Easily transliterate Hylian from the Legend of Zelda series.

One-click version control for your web sites.
Horoscoper is a mini VR planetarium app for Oculus Rift.
Maneuver your way between the bullets in the 8x8 LED Matrix, collecting aura spheres!
Collaboration platform for architects used internally inside a company and externally, with other involved companies
A gamified machine learning solution for learning
Making the most out of fast food.
Cooperate with a partner to explore procedurally generated rooms and find the exit to the level.
Helping people reduce global food waste with robotics, deep learning and IoT.
Taking #voicecommand #applications to a whole new level
Turn pepper into your personal shopping helper
Virtual reality hoverboard game controlled using a longboard and OculusRift
Match your skills to the job you want
Let's reduce both recruiters and candidates' anxiety by synchronizing our statuses!
Help you find the job you really love
MindRank is our soldiers' path to a happier mind
Sharing economy of alumni/alumnae and business suits for college students looking for a job in Japan
Discover if you have Parkinson with a simple call
Everyone loses things.  Why not work together to find them?
A college housing room-swap website that attempts to solve the hassle of room vacancy and relocation
The worlds first long-distance online vision test, designed using mobile phone interaction.
DocChart is the novel way of interacting with medical data
From disease to diagnosis in real time
Allowing medical professionals to track the severity of Parkinson's Disease
"Alexa, call me an ambulance"
Automatically display subtitles for a movie using only audio
Amazon Alexa for the Visually Impaired
Transforming every webpage to music for your ears.
Make decisions easily by taking two pictures and having your friends help you decide.
Discovery awaits you.
School supplies are wasted every year, and teachers need them - so we're here to help reduce waste and help teachers!
Our goal is to reduce unreported crime by giving users a template to use while they wait for the police to arrive.
Our hack aimed to improve the internal process of the UMBC SGA Finance Board regarding event requests/programs.
A parser that takes an image, pdf, or doc(x) of a syllubus for classes in as input and parses it to Google Calandar
A spot, waiting for you!


Printable Virtual 3D Appliances and Furnishings
Interactive game with the Roboy robot
Pin and share the hottest items out there, virtually, with Google Glass and Ari SDK!
Plucking marketing data with the flick of a wrist
Embodied Information Wearables
3D Asteroid punching with an 8-bit soundtrack.
Tour Guide uses your location to provide interesting photo spots that have been suggested by previous visitors
Play bowling in out space with Oculus Rift and Sofikinetic, using only your thumb.
Nobody reads manual because it is hard and boring. We make the manuals interactive and fun on HUD.
Real-time feedback for event organizers
Touchless control when you need to be hands free.
An intelligent surveillance alert system
SupportMe is an anonymous sponser/sponsee network that will change the way people seek and provide emotional support.
Keep an eye on your home while you are away
Make your business trip a memorable experience with Car Asistant
WittyChat provides beautifully intelligent CX and instantly scales your support team by 72%
sharing is caring - the person to person sharing economy
The Allspark can answer questions, solve math problems, post tweets and much more, without the internet!

Family friendly cartoon survey helps COSMIC staff easily connect with and understand their little BEANS
Children's photo feedback app - for #CosmicHack
A buddy friend met in the hospital that walk me through a journey
Everyday Ukraine






Cosmonautica is a fresh genre mix in a quirky and humorous universe. Imagine Elite meets The Sims.
3D Train Simulator
Don't get blighted out of your property!
We made sites about  expanding the Hackathon, bike ride planning , and improving HISD lunches.
Quickly provide timely and relavent community data to any mobile device.
Enterprise analytics platform designed for rapid integration to any data source

A solar-powered device to alert you of forgotten baby inside an unattended vehicle
HereSay: Know where you're going with content that's local, real-time and contextual.
Use Chute API to post relevant news tweets with images.
Enable subscribers to use part of their subscription to reward high-quality content
Dynamic visualization of civic sentiment on political candidates, issues and events.
Engaging our community for Houston's homeless
Explore the cultural depths of Houston with CultureHunt
A collaborative platform for stakeholder input into the Houston General Plan
Support Local Grow Together
Smart Keyless Access System KISI Lets You Swipe To Open Your Door
collaborative virtual reality urban planning
Get the space your business deserves
Expert system for non-environmental personnel to protect building asset value & eliminate environmental fines

Interesting food for your every mood!
Transit Takeout expands your dining options by finding new takeout restaurants along your subway route.
Cocktails Delivered
Liquory is the quickest, easiest app to discover & order beer, wine, and liquors from local merchants in your area!
Making it simple to eat right and lose weight


Collaboration is simple.
Never Lose Your Phone Again

We learn something new everyday, this just makes it a whole lot easier!
GoGreen is the Geekiest Mother Earth is ever Gonna Get
Teching out the classics
Type on Android device using your PC keyboard!
What if I told you that you had a 49% chance to win a dolla?
An affordable, wearable audio system that makes use of tactile transducers to create a sound experience you can feel.

Location Aware Video Platform (With iBeacon, GPS, Augmented Reality and more)
Keep on shooting, and we'll be here to help you relive your best memories once again.
A service that can be created on the fly to discover ambulance in the vicinity using the EAR-IT and OpenIoT platform.
Ubiquitous IoT Integrator - Break the Silos
Creating end-to-end connectivity between RIOT based constrained embedded devices and Gatesense
We IoT-ified IoT week conference with real IoT devices #getting-meta
The Targets IOT Game
Baby accident detection
Connect and track Valued Outcomes in Day Habilitation
Chinese character learning app for Google Glass
Glass in session. A teacher's best friend and the ultimate student participation tool -- GlassRoom.
ShiftMates lets you delegate shift management intuitively
Sparkly amps profits for small businesses
Kistarter made local, mobile and easy for small business owners!
Hassle-free, extensible multi access point service for waste disposal.
Website to help people find nearest and proper waste sites for their waste.
Make your city super
Help Your Community By Reporting Suspicious Activity
Dynamic web application, allows you to sort & find fresh produce currently in harvest around Riverside County.
Helping youth find jobs on the go with their smartphones.

TripExplore gamifies the experience of field trips/tours through Google Glass.

An app to help teachers collaborate around children of all needs.
Tic Tac Close - Compete with colleagues in a friendly game!
Summary of social/professional networking information of customers for sales people.
Helping citizens report a precise GPS location of their storm shelter. Our app will save lives.
Survivor Assistance Form Editor
The simplest rescue beacon for the iPhone
A monitoring and flood alert system for 14 sluices in Greater Jakarta area.

Just Switch: The Hardest On Gear, hardest but appealing and astonishing tile-matching game on Galaxy Gear 2/2 Neo.
Be safe anywhere you are. Press when in trouble.
Multi-Watch, an editable Gear 2 Watch
You can get fit and healthy in just 6 Weeks by following our easy to use weekly exercise.
Phone Camera Remote allows to control smartphone camera with Gear 2 smart watch.
Enjoy learning new English words everyday!
Helps you improve your mental health through mindful meditation and focus techniques.
Improving your pronunciation and speaking skills with Phonetics. Just listen, repeat and compare!
Fun and meaningful puzzle entertainment on the go.
Snappy pool style game for your gear 2
Wings of Fire is an arcade flight shooter. It is the first game which lets you use Samsung Gear as a game controler.
QR, QR code, reader, tool, usefull, gear, application
100 push-ups or sit-ups in only six weeks
control phone cameras from your watch with a realtime preview
PnT SOS sends "SOS message" with location information by shaking Gear2.
Discover mysterious world of Chinese hieroglyphs!
Wrist Companion for Outdoor Navigation
Run and jump and roll for all! Check out Zontie, a cute autorunning platform game for Samsung Gear 2.
DrinkWater app helps you to know how much water you drink to remain healthy and prevent dehydration
Social Running with Gear
A combined electronic pet and training app
Amazing app to impress your friends and family members!
Ball Trap is a fun and addictive single player arcade game where the goal is to confine moving balls in a small area.
Everywhere can presentation using Samsung Gear
Gear App Challenge, bike, computer, cycle computer, cycling, run, exercise, health
This app sends an alert to your Galaxy-Gear if some one tries to steal your phone while you left it unattended
Clock widget showing the current lunar phase
The easiest way to view and manage notes from your Wrist!
Enter and keep track of stuff you care most.
Passively captures visuals of your environment through normal hand movements
Grow and collect plants with each step you take!
Control every music app you like with your Gear 2 smart watch
English-English Dictionary on Gear
Protect your mobile via Gear
Puzzle Game on your Wrist
Snapzy - remote camera view and trigger
Navigation service application with GPS functions to connect your Samsung Galaxy S5 with your Gear2 devices.
Finally play air guitar like a pro!
Let's selfie with Gear Cam
All your news and magazine headlines on your palm and wrist!
Next Place will guide the route to the destination a user set.
Manage all your tasks meticulously with dodo.
Internet News Viewer
Simple yet robust bike computer for Samsung Gear, track all relevant trip data without a need for bike hardware.
Always enjoy a perfect cup of tea!
share faster than ever
Control battery level of all your devices. Any of your phones or gear2 will warn you that some device is discharged
voice translation, voice recognition, translator
With Gear Navigator you will never get lost
Control your smartphones camera using your watch. Use your watch as a view finder. Great for selfies & wildlife!
With 'Sketch a Track for Gear' you can easily look up distance/elevation data of tracks drawn with 'Sketch a Track'.
Make shopping a breeze, with Wrist List your shopping list is never more than an arms length away.
A puzzle game, it's fun to help you train agility
Play International Cup Soccer on your Wrist with your Samsung Gear device!
remotely monitoring your baby
"D.M.A. Navi Watch" - The missing clock face for your Samsung Gear 2
Your real-time guiding companion for the Samsung Gear 2 smart watch.
Easy and simple remote your PC using Samsung Gear 2
Maximize your credit card rewards, smart finance on your wrist
Stunning 3D animated weather graphics and digital watch
The Ultimate Universal Smart Camera Remote
This is an exciting and easy bubble popper game.
Your favorite recipes at hand
Shopping has never been so enjoyable
Life Gear, a safety gadget for your daily life.
Wearable Metronome Using Silent Vibration
Simple habits can add years to your life.
Turn on/off features (wifi/ringer/etc) on your mobile phone directly from your gear.
A full-featured calendar application for your watch
car locator, car parking
Reinvented music player based on directories content.
View PDF, text files on your watch in optimized form and format.
Musicrun help you changing music while running. The app switches songs  based on users' running speed.
Map inside your Samsung Gear 2
Simple metronome in your smart watch.
simple alcometer
Rescue Gear  The tool that empower Samsung Gear to protect  its users.

Travel with out tension.

Quick notes on your #Gear while on the go without digging out your phone! @fivetiles keyboard for #Tizen #smartwatch
Gear RSS allows you read RSS feeds on Gear 2.
Turn photos into slideshows from your wrist
Widgets you can wear.
Get reminded! Drink enough water today for a healthier tomorrow!
Time tracker that helps you to know how efficient your day is and how you can improve it
Get your Wear in your Gear!
Be On-Time and Stay Connected
DO NOT JUST RUN, It's RunGO Time

Your pocket organizer just got smarter!
child, control, gear, wifi, data, lock, timer
Manage phone's functions and read phone's clipboard texts direct from GEAR
IR wireless remote control for Sony Alpha SLT & NEX, Canon EOS and Nikon SLR digital cameras
GearTasks brings the full Google Tasks experience to Samsung Gear smartwatches
GearWeb brings the full browser experience to Samsung Gear smartwatches
Coordinates - useful naviation system tool for everyday successful use. Working with GPS.
#GPS #Position #Satellites Get GPS satellites statistics to your watch
Count everyday little stuffs and it can make much better life & environment
Your Health is Your Wealth!
SPORT Weather provides key info for the sports enthusiast, will it rain and when? As well as other key weather info.
live bus stops of london
ToniKa Guitar Tuner  the first wearable guitar tuner for Samsung Gear
awake car drivers
To-do and task list manager for Gear 2 smartwatch
Useful and helpful application for your watch device that reminds you to take daily medicine pill.
Assistive application for victims and potential victims of gender base violence and domestic violence
Smart and safe group riding
Track your health
SOS GPS SMS

dday, call, sms, lover, couple, fun, cute, simple
Experience bill payment for utility services with the Internet of Things by using DEWA Smart Samsung Galaxy Gear App
G'Night helps you get the most of your sleep. It monitors your sleep cycles and wakes you up in the perfect moment!
One APP to know it ALL!
Smart driving sssistant app with video dashcam, OBD diagnostics, and notification via Gear 2
App for reading current GPS coordinate and address and sending it instantly via SMS.
Reads SMS text messages aloud using TTS Voice when you are difficult to read the small text on the screen

Application Launcher allows to launch phone applications from Gear 2 smart watch.
Snore detection and warning. Monitor your sleep.
An app for the Samsung Gear smartwatch that lets users find nearby places and points of interest
Write and send SMS from your smartwatch
The ultimate gesture based music controller for Gear 2 !
Smart Wallet with Gear!
Take quick notes with Gear Notes, add your favorite notes to favorites for later access.
#Camera #Flashfie Remote Camera - from now on you can take FLASHFIE
Get Islamic prayer times, no matter where you are!
myTable entends boring paper-made school timetable and gives you access to advance functions with a simple tap
A simple way to encourage you to eat healthier
Read your favorite news on your wrist!
Share your pictures on Facebook, Twitter and Google + directly on your Samsung Gear 2
Audio baby monitor will be useful for modern mothers and young parents to hear baby in-house.
MugoSurf app brings 2000+ surfing spots with fresh weather forcast
Escape call gives excuse to escape boring meetings or awkward situations without hurting anyones feeling
BigLCD is a customizable and easy to read watch face
Calculate BART and MUNI fares, including transfers, on your watch.
Play Tambourine is a virtual instrument that recognizes gestures of your wrist and plays like real tambourine
Follow-up with Galaxy Gear 2
Caller Notes is an application that helps you remember things that you would like to say during the phone call
track football results
Control your digitalSTROM smart home with dSWatchControl on Gear 2
POI nearby of you

Remember every day of your life in short movie made from your watch automatic each hour.

Turn your smartphone and smartwach's sensors into portable drum by just clapping your legs
SOS, Gear App Challenge, Emergency, Helper
Bridging the gap between your world and your wrist!
Do not have to wait till the fun ends
Find nearby Places with your Gear

Pillo is an app designed to manage your schedule of medicine by guiding you throughout every day of your week!
Smart tips that will change the way you buy, cook & use your favourite food. Handy & fresh, always on your wrist!
Pedometers are boring... or are they? Puppies to the rescue!
An app that magically returns you the card that you desire. Sure to amuse friends and family or impress at a party!
Fresh morning is an alarm application that can be turned off as stretching.
You are a penguin! Who sadly cannot swim. As you hop from ice cube to ice cube, your single goal: to survive.
1:1 Walk battle - Random match with other country's competitor.
increasing meeting efficiency
Message transfer Gear2 application.
remote,camera,gear,smartphone
Guitar simulator with phone and watch
Helps convert continuous voice to text
Very useful barcode and QR code based wallet app.
Easy and simple remote your PC anytime anywhere!
#Qmong, #DGMIT, #Gear, #, #, #
can check how close to the destination
blackbox and navigation application for bicycle riding
Undercover lets you record videos in the background of Gear2
Jump, eat, don't fall down. Very responsive and dynamic game, one of the more entertaining offerings.

Track your game, get your stats, improve your tennis skills with SpinTennis on your Samsung Gear 2 and Gear 2 Neo
Hey, I bet you can't beat my highscore in this game that tests your accuracy and quick reflexes
All the ways

Presentation Assistant for Gear2
#2048 #tilt #game Tilt 2048 - just move watch
Remotely Activate Audio Recording on phone
Innovative way of using Gear as presentation helper.
Inspired by handcrafted puzzles, Marble Maze challenges you to navigate gorgeous marble through a wooden labyrinth.
If you want to stay young at heart, take a few minutes a day and train your brain with Brain Training!
find fashion hits simply by taking a picture on Android or Samsung Gear 2
Handy Maze - 3D - Tilt Labyrinth Maze Game
Smartwatch is the most discrete way of alarming danger situation !
Send group-questions and receive just one report with all responses !
Gently pushing you out of the the bed
Road Movie, Snap Movie, Movie Clip, Muxing, Travel
AlcWatch helps to control the intake of alcohol. Drink responsibly!
#guid
Travel companion that guide user to the place using smartwatch pedestrian navigation
Update your social activities right on your Gear
Live Exchange Rate & Clock Widget
Launch any app with a single swipe.  This app is particularly useful when linked to your double-home-tap function.
Fake Call app allows user to get out of awkward situations or boring meeting.
Watcher clock app brings your calendar events into a beautifully designed clock face.
Play and roll a Dice on Gear 2. App consists the list of connected games to play on Galaxy Tab!
Create notes at a glance and keep all of your devices synchronized instantly

Application for calculating probability of winning in Texas Holdem
Simply Log Anything ! Wisely Track Everything !!
Vector Graphics based Drawing app for Faster and Easier Drawing!
Pixel Flood is simple, yet very addictive colorful puzzle game!
Play guitar with your Gear
User can easily control the car by using my WearCar APP in the Gear.
Spot Latest News about existing & prospecting Clients
Accelerating sales at rocket speeds...
Say hello to the doctor at any time
Strength in Numbers.
Cultivate your best customers for a predictable & sustainable business!

Quickest Way to Report & Send Incidents
inHouse excites development of new, collaborative ideas within companies from the inside out.
Contextual navigation for motorcycle riders in urban environments - Strava for Motorcycles
2G, SMS based reporting at very low costs.
Report suspicious findings with text, photos, or audio messages, and alarm other users nearby
Detect and report ERW for all others
Present Anywhere with de Mobo Slides
Dual screen image slider that shows pimage on phone as well as on HDTV
Papyrus is a powerful and intuitive natural handwriting note-taking app - now with presentation mode!
Helping low-vision and color-blinded people to read.

3D puzzle game that will play tricks to your mind.
Presentation application where participants use Social Media tools to communicate with presenter from mobile devices

Warrantor, your warranty warrior.
Protect your staff from hazards & deal with workplace accidents effectivly with this easy to use mobile app.
Text Relay for the Hearing Impaired
Shopper Pro won't let you forget milk!
Because the World Wide Web is too quiet
educational platform for mobile application
A convenient lecture recording service to empower people with the passion to teach
C4F Team - How to manage many mobie, table (cross platfrom) at the same time.
Sophisticated algorithms to analyze HVAC system failure
Making payment has ever been easier by mobile phone one touch technology Tapay carries
Baybucks. Your bay, your rewards.
A Framework for Crowdsourcing Environmental Data
An online portal for everything Chesapeake Bay
MyBay
Visualize Your Juggling Sessions
While you take care of your loved one, let us take care of you.
A music party game for hackers
IKEA from the comfort of your own home.
EVOO is the cook's curated guide from recipe discovery through plating.
Context aware platform for wearables using iBeacons and Myo Band

Blood imaging and analysis from your smartphone. Automated, cheap disease diagnostics + cell-counts within seconds.

A library for fast multi-device data synchronization through the browser.
pebble watch interactive music app
Kayak for ridesharing
Your wish list at your price
All Your Health Data in Your Hands.
A quick way to create HealthCare Proxy and Living Wills
Interactive tool for Mass. indigence and sentencing calculations.
Mobile disaster legal assistance at your fingertips!
Create anything, anywhere, with anyone
Etsy for Plus Size
Allows users to form and manage queues for office hours and restaurants etc.
Fanta or Die?
All of your loyalty cards. One Pebble Watch
Oh, there you AR. Find objects and people in the real world, with ease.
Helps people to get where they want on time without touching the phone and having directions on the smartwatch.
An outdoor fitness app to get you moving in your area. Integrated with Jawbone, iBeacon, and Pebble.
making communication accessible to all
Move virtual sounds in physical reality
Mix sounds like a DJ using a Myo armband and a Leap Motion Controller. Immerse yourselves in music.
Find all the permits you need in 3 easy steps, and track the progress of your permits online.
Scalable Brand connects t-shirt sellers with global brands in order to increase profits and distribution channels.
Customize, Preview, and Buy Scalable Press Items in Augmented Reality on your iPhone or Android!

Right any Image Click to Print Shirts
Turn your dribbble account into a store.
You're a person of many faces. Express them all.
Sign2Line is a sign language translator that uses the Leap Motion.
Integrates googlevoice with SendGrid via python, providing email-to-sms functionality
Anonymous, realtime, location-based messaging with the people around you
Leap on iOS
Don't carry your receipts again! Make keeping track of your purchases and your life easier!
Easy going team picker.




Making your textbook two clicks away #TwoClickTextbooks
Creating a breathable, lightweight, 3D-printed cast modeled around YOU.
Translating with Wikipedia
Use your android smartphone to sniff a mole for signs of skin cancer
A novel way for patients to relay accurate health data for optimum personal care!
Stock prediction using a stochastic model
Snap a Friend.
Smooosh scholarly articles and start skimming swiftly #smooosh#there#it#is
Simple and addictive Android app for travel destination decisions
Facebook Arcade Game
Compete against others using real moves to win Super Smash Bros. 64
Find your hackathon jackpot - Crowdfunding for hackathon sponsorship
Browse the internet... without data.
bringing answers and mentors to hackers in need
Experience activities where they were meant to be experienced!
Use a picture of your receipt to make requests from friends on Venmo.
A world-first combination of the Oculus Rift and the Myo - a consumer-grade VR shooter on multipurpose hardware.
We want to end drunk driving
Real Time App Feedback Framework
Smart retrofitting the world's smoke alarms for a fraction of the cost
Automatically share and discover music with those around you.
The first publicly available, low cost treatment for lazy eye in adults.
A Bloomberg-powered Chrome extension that displays historical and real-time stock price data inline on webpages.
Collaborative SMS-based art.
Find and ride to the most popular events near you!
Order food at the tap of your finger!
Speed Study!
Hold yourself accountable with social and monetary incentives
Real-time crowdsourced authoring for the masses.
Change the perspective, enhance the familiar.
Real-time voting web app
Realize the power of your money!
Run Android on your iPhone, instantly.
JOHN HORTON CONWAY MADE A GAME - WE MADE IT HARDWARE
Teleportation isn't here yet, but we have the next best thing.
Virtual Reality, Affordable and Within your Grasp
It's a spambot for Yo! :D
Play pong with your friends using your smartphones as paddles.
Combine Tesla technology with home automation.
Seamlessly pay at local businesses simply by walking in
Making learning to drive a manual every step of the way
Anonymous Chatroom for Michigan Student's Classrooms!
Tap into the power of group prayer by connecting with people who will pray for you.
Hand Waving Magic: Using LEAP Motion Controllers as mice replacement for people with limited dexterity
Send customized, individual emails to many people in the same message
An IoT invention that motivates us to conserve water
tinjbest, #bestfor simple reviews with context http://best.tinj.com via @tinjbest
The fastest way to start getting paid!
Tables that talk.
Find Trending Shows Using Peel API and Share or Text the Peel link.
Track Chain gives transparency about food process, businesses crowdsource data to identify supply chain problems.
Make quizzes even more interesting
Disrupting Flight Industry
Events done better together
Know how is the weather for cycling and receive daily notifications.
Pocket QR codes help you seamlessly file expenses, check-in, and be social

Save money and get full control of each room with Ventix smart vents
Empowering business travelers with useful and actionable data
Video-Based Q&A Platform
pebble.DO and spark.DO bring monitoring and administration of DigitalOcean Droplets to new platforms.
Notifly turns social media activity or any other data source into real world reactions.
Single-board payment server + Tokenized Wallet
Automating tedious tasks
Brainwave Data Meets Real-time Web
Turning customers into partners.
Make code on the web come alive
You can finally chat with your professional contacts from LinkedIn on LnkdEz!
Disrupting credit card transactions by collecting item level data on every purchase.
Change your ordinal sightseeing to great adventures!
Find cheap flights by destination events
Hassle free reimbursement of business expenses!
Auto simultaneous call alerts to all loved ones based on natural calamities detected by live Twitter and Weather data
Dancetrometer  light up your night!
Mobile evidence recording
Sustainable movility system with social impact and decrease scholar desertion
Nutrio registers and geolocalizes malnutrition data of kids between 0 and 12 years old to improve their eating habits
Group Management is Broken.  We fix it.
Wearless Smart Baby Monitor
Mapping the Patient Journey via iBeacon/BLE proximity sensors to establish real-time care & decrease costs & errors
Cognitive prosthetic for Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI), stroke, autism/ADD/ADHD.
Detect and warn drivers when they are getting drowsy, notify pedestrians nearby through iBeacon
Get rewarded with points for NOT texting while driving. Spend your points on discounted products.
drive safe with Anti-Sleep Alarm
Android App reading the caller/sms id while driving,auto replies via SMS and is triggered smartly by NFC or manually
Your personal cross walk, where ever you go!
It's simple, just Look Up!
Alert Drivers when cyclists or pedestrians are in their proximity
What if someone could give you a tug when you need it most? #tuglife





A novel form of inter-phone communication using only the display and camera.
Fast Interstate Travel
Using Pebble, make sure your elderly loved ones are protected when they fall and remind them to take their medicine.
Exposing meaningful data from paper lab tests
SVG Animation Editor
Hands-free, voice-free, eyes-ful.
Fuji is a fully-functional iOS web IDE that includes a fully-functional simulator.
The security of your best friends, even when they're not around.
Create long-exposure light paintings via the web with a custom-built car.
Crowdsourced Code Translation Through Multiplayer Games
Simplify your life with deep links on steroids.
ListenUP automatically lowers the volume of your headphones when someone calls your name, so you will never miss out!
World's first fully integrated Bitcoin payment/reward API which can be implemented by One-Line of Code.
Making Siri limitless
Yellow Pages for Code Snippets
View LaTeX in the browser
The Magic Board allows Boosted Board users to replace their wonky old controller with a sleek new Myo Armband!
A comprehensive stock market app with social sentiment index (from Twitter), threshold notifications, and a newsfeed.
Motion controlled data visualization platform.
Your personal air guitar, powered by your own two hands.

an iOS application to link people with the net neutrality conversation
Better Banking Data with Venmo
The kitchen that knows more about itself than you do. Inventory tracking, automatic ordering, recipe suggestions, ...
The Facebook Automatic Group Moderator
Do you know how your climbing partner is doing? Never be out of range with Climb Assist!
Be able to search by image in YouTube videos!
Your bank statement made smart
Building the evolution of cash through converting virtual/digital currencies back into physical form
what does google sound like today?
Gamifying Net Neutrality Activism. With Cats.
Modernized patient care, a hassle-free medical notification system.
Hear and discover the world around you by playing songs by artists who are from your current location. #soundscapes
We believe in the gift of vision
Quad themed controller for your automated home!
Suite of apps, hardware and wearables to keep your baby safe!
Your computer is happy to see you too.
Bringing augmented reality to the world of note-taking
The only app you don't have to open.
Break the habit with Quitli, a smart pin that records statistics about your bad behaviors.
Fashion matchmaking done right - Tinder for fashion! "When it comes to fashion  its all about first impressions."
Bringing parking into the parking into the modern era.
Help moms to manage their software on PC remotely

Connecting businesses with trusted advisors from the communities
Loyalty-based funding for local businesses
easyCFO is the personal, on-demand CFO for your small business.
Gives you a buzz when your food is ready
Use the cloud to avoid the crowd.
Save your favorite articles online and find your new interests
Huddl is a "Group Decision Engine" we bring people together online and get them outside into the real world
Have a Heart.

Fun, fast, 3D chess game with online chat lobby based on the PubNub messaging service.
Barter It Forward! Give & Get Work to smooth cash flow & build your client acquisition network

Bowling in space with the Oculus Rift and Myo
Skip the queue by paying with your phone in-store and walk away with your purchases
The Ultimate Shopping Companion
Flexing the language barrier.
Omegle/Chat-Roulette texting service using Twilio
Using LeapMotion to read American Sign Language
Send alerts to your phone when your stocks moves with real-time Bloomberg data.
Need a nudge?
PickMeUp uses emotional analysis on texts to help customers go to businesses that will make their day better
Apple Pay for Bitcoin, using BitPay, Bluetooth LE, and Touch ID!
A web app that bridges the gap between leftover food, and the people who really need it.

A 3D display capable of portraying anything -- even your dreams.
A social, music-making app.
Framework(s) as a service and advanced project scaffolding.
APIs for your kitchen appliances and mind blowing apps that use them
Simple, secure, storage with safety in mind.

Heat Maps for Twitter
It's not just a game.
Social Media-backed Machine Learning algorithm crunching Big Data to empower users and disrupt the travel industry

Secure patient genome browsing on the web
Nocturnal epilepsy tracker and prevention software
Let's remove paradox from choices
Get all your sightseeing done in one day - optimized routing for tourists.
Pulsar is a dynamic application that pushes and recieves data through SMS.
With Dep10y.me, you can deploy your software in less than ten minutes.
Drop-in review as a service.
Quick and clean location-sharing
Supercharged Real Time Investor Worksheets
Start here. Resume anywhere.
A new iOS8 keyboard that translates text, or solve inline math problems
The gesture control add-on for InteraXon Muse
Iron Man's hipster tech cousin.
UI analytics for Android
Open-sourcing Intelligent Personal Assistants, which you can talk to over the web, text, or even call from any phone.

The social door lock
Where the whole party has a voice, but no one has to shout.
Device to aid with CPR
Combine motion tracking with machine learning
The airbnb for things.
By using a LeapMotion and a Myo armband, we created a sign language translator.
Collaborating an event just got easier!
A unique VR puzzle experience, that encourages you to explore what is right in front of you and what isn't.
Curating life's most precious experiences into a beautiful and searchable archive
A massively multiplayer online game for artificial intelligence players.

Sometimes you don't need a pump, you need a set of helping hands.
Every mom is a super hero
Breast Pump Designed by Nature
Pumping Experiance Improver
Color coordination in your pocket!
Nodes are embedded in lifting weights to gamify exercising.
Turns your phone into a sci-fi multisensor
Crowd-Sourcing is good !
Why talk about the weather, when WeatherTalk can talk to you?
Quantified Workforce using Node+ sensors for both identification and data collection.
TherMOMeter is designed to be the ideal interface between a patient their fertility specialist.

A Dixieland Fitzpatrick Oculus Simulator
Once upon a time... in space
Easy to start, easy to play, super hard
In Maze Game, you will find yourself lost in a museum at night. Learn about history as you try to find the exit.
Sending email like it's the 1800s
The 3D Etch-a-Sketch
Red vs. Blue: Who can beat the box?

#rhine #html5 #lol
Democracy FTW
online yard sale
AdVid is an ad exchange for videos. We harness video content to provide the most relevant ads.
A news aggregator with an edge!
Follow your favorite sports teams and get rewarded! For away games, find local restaurants and hotels!
Choose your own adventure!
A virtual theremin that goes far beyond its humble origins.
Use the currency exchange rate to plan your next vacation!
Realtime sketch messaging
Do you - really - know the muffin man?
Guide Sphero through invisible mazes
remonetizing the web through the crowdsourced cloud
Learn a language on the go!

An iOS Safari extension that scans for actionable piece of data and routes them to apps.
Chrome extension with notifications of user due dates in browser and on pebble watch
Allows your Myo Armband to talk with Linux at the native level!
Chase down your friends and foes from the comfort of your office chair.
A Virtual Piano that uses the Leap Motion sensor to generate notes based on finger movement and hand height.

Download the Internet and share it with friends  without the Internet
It is a game that tells the story of Scotty who goes to several top tier schools around the US.
Real time system to pay for the proportions that you ate.

Control smartphone camera from SmartWatch
Make shopping a breeze, with Wrist List your shopping list is never more than an arms length away.
Air guitar has evolved.
Run and jump and roll for all! Check out Zontie, a cute autorunning platform game for Samsung Gear 2 and Gear S.
remotely monitoring your baby
An application that looks and works like your clasic cycle computer.
Wrist Companion for Outdoor Navigation
Your Health is Your Wealth!
TheMeeting connects 1000+ of devices, Gears and TVs to share live presentation , feedback  and increasing efficiency
Get smart! Calculate your SPF - Sun Protector Factor & set reminders that tell you when its time to cover up!


Smart and safe group riding
Wearable Metronome Application Using Silent Vibration
DO NOT JUST RUN, It's RunGO Time
With Gear Navigator you will never get lost
voice translation, voice recognition, translator, text to speech
Innovative waking assistant and guide
Wings of Fire is an arcade flight shooter. It is the first game which lets you use Samsung Gear as a game controler.
Snapzy - remote camera trigger and viewfinder
drive safe with Anti sleep alarm
Smart Wallet with Gear!
Your solution for a better sleep
Smart driving sssistant app with video dashcam, OBD diagnostics, and notification via Gear 2 and Gear S
Track your health with Galaxy Gear
car locator, car parking, paid parking timer
task management system system optimized for small screen devices
Count daily routine and create better environment for your dream!
blackbox and navigation application for bicycle riding
discover the city
Smart Hub allows to gather content from different services on one screen of the Gear smartwatch
IR wireless remote control for digital cameras with built-in timer remote controller.
MugoSurf app brings 2000+ surfing spots with fresh weather forcast

User can easily control the car by using my WearCar APP in the Gear.
Let's run together
Innovative way of using Gear as presentation helper tool.
Alarm application using stretching.
The ultimate gesture based music controller for Gear 2 & Gear S !
Smart tips that will improve the way you buy, cook & use your favorite foods. Smart & handy, right on your wrist!
Easy and simple remote your PC
Caller Notes is an application that helps you remember things that you would like to say during the phone call
Presentation Assistant for Gear2 and GearS



Online create-your-own adventure!
Anonymously drop location-aware notes for other people to find!
YouCanSitOn.me! #delhack
An academic-based classified/social-network/advice-forum
Distributed Computing Via DropBox
Pilot a quadcopter using natural motion & thought control
Enabling speakers of over 2 Billion non-roman based languages to enter text using only the english keyboard.
a friend that helps you be better online
Riftwear leverages the utility of the Oculus Rift, the Leap Motion and Android Wear to bring VR into the real world.
Because everyone deserves a drink.
Data visualisation through interactivity and audio.
Find my friends on a map, by sending an email
Voice controlled home automation system
Simplifying travel by combining energy efficient modes of transportation.
The future of authentication.
TickerWatch alerts you to news articles in real time that may affect the price of your investments.
Chat in real life, online, with everyone around you, in real time. Crowdsourced sandbox.
Fixing potty mouths one swear at a time

Solve big world problems while surfing the web.
Save the world, one drip at a time.

Internet of things, with a raspberry Pi and arduino modules, connected to a web interface accesible from anywhere!
Bringing rpging to the real world.
Let others give you on-demand responses to confusing messages
Meet, Talk, Chill, & Learn
Jump through your curriculum

Exploring virtual worlds generated by your music, to allow for a view into the landscape of your personal sound space
Everything you need in one box.
Helps streamline the movie hopping experience.
Motion capturing torso combined with web app that displays real-time data

Messaging protocol over a bluetooth mesh network.
Smart automated enhancements for your driving experience.
Open Source Home Automation and Security
Kermit the stuffed frog tweets his feelings
Iron Myo
Mind-controlled rover

On-demand, same day shipping via Uber
Siri for web

Two-Factor for Teams
When deciding on where to eat is just too hard, spazz4fudz: fight it out "Twitch Plays Pokemon" Style.

Bring your friends to you with a single tap

The fastest thing around
Twin-Stick Multiplayer Robot-Shooting Game





Let's save the planet together and raise awareness on climate change!
Raising awareness about the challenges that organizations face when helping people in need.

Way to a better world through your Zip Code
Could you survive a Canadian blizzard?
The easy way to be mindful of your commute.
#InMobiHack Assistive app for Autistic kids constructed with wearables and leverages cloud and mobility
Simplify shopping for lipsticks offline and online
let the language not to stop you in expressing your ideas

Sales Acceleration. Never Miss a beat.
Starting the tenant and landlord relationship
Become a smarter and more efficient sales rep
Analyzes the behavior of the exchange rate in order to predict the value at risk of a exposure.
Access and track call-relevant sales data at-a-glance when you are out of the office
The Proximity app helps you find & chat with your friends - with just Bluetooth!
Crowdsourced Dating and Relationship Advice Made Easy!
Reward your kids for practicing Math
Salesforce at your fingertips anywhere you need it, in any iOS app, anytime.
Helping you make a decision.
Stay in Control; Make decisions confidently
Losers talk about the weather.  Winners schmooze.
Personal Higher Education Counseling
The awesomest
Realtime segmentation & marketing for your website
Distributed sales network
Face tracking video conference calls and webinars
Bringing cloud automation to a bar near you!
Customer support app.
Professional Talent Search At Your Fingertips
Communities in Motion! - Engaging Customers, Partners and Employees
Bitcoin + Salesforce = Like
pw
Improving and incentivizing healthy well being one huddle at a time in the spirit of THE game.
Fix our school systems by connecting teachers and parents through a mobile, social app
Sketch your dream product and realize it in 30 seconds.
Let your teams compete to color your company green
Connecting local fruit to local need
Knowing where we are, and where we are going, so we can get to where we want to be.
OAuth with phones
Cloud Computing, Wearable Technology, Connected
Salesforce for the connected car!
Statistical analysis with the tap of a finger
ForceGR - A comprehensive Government Relations tool that is a Force to be reckoned with!
Setting good people free to do more of what they love
Christmas for All

Smartaxi, the first social application that forecast the taxi demand and displays it on your Smartphone
Register for Alerts on Heavy Rainfall, Traffic Diversions, High Tide Alerts to help you plan your Mumbai travel.
A real-time micro guide to safety during monsoon
Dig it down to get your help in disaster.
Your own guide for Monsoon, Mumbaikars..!
Easy, reliable & cheap solution for your package transport.
How to retrofit parking lots into a places for wayfinding, city information, and access transportation
Test your logistic skills using this Trainer App
Crowd Park is a gamified and crowdsourced private and public parking app
Imagine a phone app that automatically parks your car for you?
The knowledge management application
Video Privacy or Sharing. With VIBLIO you don't have to choose.

PC based automatic photo management and similar photo search based on cutting-edge computer vision tech
Find the most matching ones for your rest of life
Get your ugliness rating today by Mug the ugliness rating pug.
First Peek is an app designed to help you take your best selfies!
inspire a robot to compose poetry by sending an image
Facial recognition-based authentication.


A non-linear storytelling platform.
Create multi-threaded narratives for theatre, films and video games
Create interactive and nonlinear articles
Our app allows to create and read stories using story streams.

Read at the speed of life
A commuter-focused set-and-forget GPS that alerts you from the background if a faster route is available.
Taking inclusive workplaces from voluntary to essential.
Because Rock Paper Scissors Doesn't Have Enough Action! How Can Paper Be Real If Rock Isn't Real?
Avoid driving though bad areas with the help of SafeDrive and Mojio.
A place where you can discover and share creations with people who have visited locations nearby
#Myo #Arduino #IntelEdison

Because free should be easy.
An intuitive iPhone app for sharing and browsing hyperlocal content
Item searching for products trending near you!
The easiest way to connect
Motion Sensing Music Makin 4 the future
Use music to make you a safer driver!
An immersive robot controlled via the internet using Oculus Rift, Myo, Android, & Android Wear

Dating app based on your purchased history.
A real-time app to track and respond to unsafe working environments in Bangladesh
Identifying food-insecure hotspots using real-time social media tracking
Keep track of real-time mapping data by Peace Corps volunteers.
3D WebGL Geospatial Viz of Adelaide Things to See and People to Do
Have an amazing day out in Adelaide. Discover, create, and share memorable experiences.
Get SMS notifications if there are traffic issues on the way to or from your work.
GPA Calculator + GPS Capability, To-Do Organiser that Supports Live Tiles



A webapp answering the needs of couples sharing their love across long distance
Take a break worry free
chat that automatically translates your message into your recipient's language
Interactive Disease Prediction Simulations
Tourism without the crowds
Watering Easily Taken Care Of
When is it going to start/stop raining in the next hour?
The Intelligent Milkbot
Keep tabs on cool, up-and-coming and competing startups
Axe your customer support queue, with texts from askr
There is something strange, in the neighborhood, who you gonna call? Panic Buster!
Intelligent convulsive seizure detection app that contacts and informs emergency services/contacts for you
Domain specific Siri-type personal assistant for Yammer.
Matching your startup with the relevant incubators and VCs, for the best accelerator experience.
Effortless conference calling using your Yammer account
Sims-based shopping coming to reality.

Snap a pic, get your fill of info about that pill.
High Tech Assassin on your iPhone? You bet!
Boast your personality metrics determined by your social media.

Pay your contact list just using your Pebble!
An Affordable Alternative to an Alternative Reality
An iOS app using Venmo to play a game of chicken with money
Realtime laser tag gameplay
3D printed prosthetic hand controlled by EMG sensors

Introduce the most outdoorsy, robot-human interactive mobile gaming system, the Duck Hunt Robotics
Innocuous excuses for any conversation you want to escape!
Connected Systems for Developing Nations
Noted is a simple yet powerful website creator and publisher using Common Markdown.
Tinder for hackathons and hackathon admin dashboard.
A beautiful and engaging platform for your financial data.
exploring the weird intricacies of the New York Times Wedding announcements
Assisted planning through augmented reality.
Enhancing Security Through...
Create a choose-your-own-adventure story, and experience the story using interactive voice response.
A cloud based streaming event processing system for detecting advanced stock alerts
A distributed, mesh network chat client on the Boilermake Badges
More accurate consumer reviews leveraging tweets and sentiment analysis.
Motion sensor hack on a time budget
AR marries the Myo, we have interactive AR now!
a coupon sharing service for restaurants and other businesses
Handsfree music controller for iOS
A quick adventure through the hazards of space that will always leave you wanting to play more.
A leveraged hacked open project to makeover the existing website for NPO Heroes Night Out
A viral fundraising platform to raise money for charity through time based pledge challenges
This apps is a consolidated solution to manage the data with the feature of the Bitcasa platform.
Unified search for all your cloud apps.
Cloud-powered processing for turning Youtube videos into GIFs
A DIY security system




Let's go hack Asterisk
We're a cross of a ransom call/drop and Snapchat. Check us out @getVoiceGhost and http://voiceghost.com
Secure video calls to your lonely stay at home pets.
Experiment with ARI and Stasis at ease
A Mass calling tool that is easy to use and requires no training
How far can you push your customers? :)

Bringing old time radio to the new age with CloudFS at OTRMan.com
Attaching virtual files to physcial locations

A customizable instrument interface designed specifcally for the iPad.
Fuel your wiki-click habit without losing focus.
Natural Course Selection
Stay fit at Tufts - count your calories and nutrients in Tufts Dining Halls.
Find the right hospital for your procedure based on price and quality care

Power of Music in your hands
Survive the hoard of giants.
A Chrome extension that lets you graffiti on the web and see the best tags.

Ten minutes. Two people. One subject. One video-chat. One goal: to learn a language.
The Underground Localizer - find anywhere!
How to spend less money on everyday shopping


Your one and only platform to find crime hotspots and book getaway drivers (dont try this at home).
Goat themed procedurally generated hat collecting arcade game
Quickly pay for your share of the car journey
Control a wizard through dengerous woods!
who's better, who's better, who's best?

-
indoor     Metro4All
Mathematical representation of the written word at its finest.

.
DropStuff            .
Shop locally and save money with Prixes.
,
Bringing Electricity To a Rural Area

Immersive music visualization in an Oculus Rift
#isudo.#hold,scan,answer.
Take down hordes of enemies in VR
Brings your doodles to life
Keeps track of how much time you spend on various categories of websites.
StudyOn provides convenience for students have similar time availability to study together after class.
Start planning your funeral.
You wanna sell? We help!!

Transparant Info Flow




Crowdsourced funds for product features.
Duck Hunt + iPhone + Product Hunt
Make Moves
Add clipper card to smartphone and gain valuable rewards when using public transportation!
TransitAble: Easy, accessible transit trip planning with automated arrival alerts.
Gamification application to engage more and more commuters to travel via VTA
Application that enables riders to share their improvement ideas and areas of concern regarding VTA bus stops
A way find a bus in reno
Interactive mapping resource for traffic accidents in Reno, NV
Visualizing the colors of Reno
Croudsourcing app collecting data about residential buildings not having recycling bins/containers
8 bit konsola z customowym kontrolerem
!

911 where there is none
Volunteer network for Delhi
Critical60 helps medical staff in monitoring trauma patients and directing treatment during the Golden Hour!
Saving lives by instantly connecting health workers to patient's medical records with a fingerprint.
Stay healthy. Stay connected.
Golden Help to save lives through OpenXC platform
Uber-Like Crowd Sourcing becomes Crowd Lifesaving
Carevan - Caravan to Care solves the roadways challenges to reach Health care to the rural areas in Tamilnadu.
App that detects a crash via OpenXC and notifies an emergency contact of your location via text message


Teachers, parents & students can watch & learn with FlixAcademy's curated database of educational videos & movies
Nurbits is a music puzzle game that teaches you about neuroscience.
Touch-discover Polygons, Vertices, Edges and more of Platonic Solids
Quickly Create Comics using Artwork From All Your Classmates
Create your own shuffled sentence activities.
Learning by writing together.
Poly Spon: Just the right angle for learning geometry!
The most fun and kid-friendly way to learn about computer programming
Like music and games? Want to practice English? Lyrical: Learn English with Music makes it fun! www.lyricalgame.com
Trade goats, grow grain, master your Empire. And pre-algebra.

Grading is easy
#baecaughtmeslippin
Taking notes has never been easier!
A crowd-sourced platform for idea sharing.
A Yo service that sends subscribers crowd-sourced emergency notifications.

A secure place to buy and sell textbooks with bitcoins
Habitars are support systems for your goals, and evolve as you grow better at sticking to self-improvement routines
Who will be the PumpKing?
Providing important data when you need it the most. No internet required.
Magically draw in the air and share your creations with everyone in real time using the Kinect v2 and websockets.
Inform stock trend and forecast using the Bloomberg Database in the form of rap
A Glaucoma Screening App
A platform for communities to conduct, manage, and visualize their bitcoin interactions.
Turn your movements into music with Myo!
Isn't it ironic how tour guides keep tourists and locals separate? Tourism is broken and we're here to fix it.
Anonymous photosharing app that displays images on map where they are taken.
Creates sound by manipulating virtual radio waves and frequencies !!!
Gesture controlled smart-home solutions
Helmet mounted Bicycle turn signals controlled by arm signals and the Myo
Realtime graphing and data visualization of Multiple Intel Galileo sensors simultaneously
Our software provides an interactive experience to museums using Estimote iBeacons.
Simple No-Look GPS Navigation for Skateboarders
Museum Hunt App on Pebble
tilt based mouse control for your Pebble
Accessible algorithmic trading with Bitcoin.
Credit reports for BitCoin wallets
The simpler way to manage global accounts
Crypto Currency Exchange
Anonymous confessions for university students, really !!!
MeterFeeder is the easiest way to pay for parking with your mobile device.
handbook of common insect and mite pests in USA
Peek, Chat and Make Friends!!

Information at finger tips from Toyota (Parking availability and Gas level/price indicators)
The  Casual Car Pool service connects pedestrians and drivers to join forces for overcoming traffic limitations.
extend connected car with home automation
A vision of the connectivity in the car of the future
Make sure your car is always healthy and performing at its best with HER
Connecting drivers to what's important.
World's First Frequent-Rider Program
Get your car talking using #CarTalk, make it personal!

computer mouse that forces you to exercise while you work
Mobile fluorescence microscopy
Don't Bend it Like Beckham

Vision processing on a quadcopter for follow me and search+rescue.

Too hot to handle
Gesture based wireless video (soon all files) streaming app
An Oculus Rift full of zombies, all on a treadmill.
Organize your dropbox in one click.
The Keeper Of Secrets
Real-time Worldwide Health Monitoring
Virtual DJ mixer that expands your music experience
Globetrotting at the comfort of your home!
Find out in an instant, if you can park at the spot you currently are, with just a "yo".
Nodes are a smart wireless network to manage cross platform data accessible via mailjet
Sheet Reader reads your music sheets with Optical Image Recognition, and plays them back to you!
The easiest Myo maze around! Navigate through a maze using only Myo gestures!
A game that gives you one minute to type as many words from the list as you can!
Battle for the fittest friends!
Drop by your neyyyybors with your bare hands!
USB dart launcher with face recognition targeting. Also Spotify.
BizShare is a platform that enables small business to connect & share resources
make it rain.
Save the Earth from an alien invasion by running.
Leap Motion with Python for office warfare both preemptive and retaliatory.
Local shoppers want wholesome, organic potatoes, so avoid the dangerous fertilizer until the song ends.
Voronoi tessellation with moving points
40,000 chirps. search by keyword. push notifications. see trends.
Streamlined LaTeX homework submission and grading.
ARS is the classic game of snake, but with a twist. It can be played on paper.

LEGOIC, a new way of mosaic.
You're always on your phone when you're drunk anyway, be responsible and count your drinks!
intermediate, Firebase, iBeacon, Media processing
A puzzling abstract strategy game
Wrapit response for your elderly loved ones
----
---

mvp real-time notifications
Water is Essential to Life.....................
webApp
Audify the Climate Data


Write a sentence, pass the phone and see what unfolds.
More engagement, same teaching style

IoT based marketplace for plants, where plants do the marketing.
TigerCUB enables Princeton students to learn about certificate programs best suited to their skills and interests.
Making Every Phone a Little Smarter

Donate to a worthy cause quickly and simply with Yo's API. Save time, save lives. Yo.
23 languages , in Yo Face!
Provides related articles, definitions, images, and sentiments of a NYT article.
An automatic bike transmission system.
Your music, brought to you by your beloved phalanges
Sign language translator + application launcher all in one Tegra!
Join Aang and Korra: control all the elements in VR and become a master fire, water, earth, or air bender!
Mini-Med is portable and affordable healthcare that can be bought to anywhere in the world!
A skateboard with LED turn-by-turn directions and tweets all done hands-free and on the go!
Capture and visualize the domain hierarchy for all websites being accessed on the network.
Build your portfolio of the hottest stocks on the market.
Helping Manhattan Hail Cabs
True-time Pebble Tower Defense
Displays route ETA for the campus shuttle on a Pebble smartwatch.
A dashboard and application interface for the modern home.
Find open parking spots in real time!
The doctor is in. Share your thoughts with this loveable IBM shrink and get instant trends on your mental health.
Optimize your time on Coursera
Receive updates about possibly dangerous situations at your school, automatically detected via Tweet Analysis.
Pushing the limits of emergency medical response by crowdsourcing community first responders.
A few seconds a day can make a difference.

JustRead is a 50 smartphone-based scanner so simple, it can be used by the blind to read any document.
Stop accidents before they happen with Acc!dont
An interactive Versal gadget which utilizes Leap Motion to teach students the American Sign Language alphabet.
find your study space
Aid shelters in keeping track of supplies in order to better help the homeless.
Donate super cheap clothes from ebay & help people in poverty!
Eduactional Collaboration via the Twilio API

Encouraging and facilitating composting!





Preventing Domestic Violence with Data-driven action
A tool for mine inspection managers to prioritize their next inspection
Drug Safety in Your Pocket
#OutForJustice predicts where  911 calls are likely to come from and helps set police locations to respond fast.
Our software uses phrase matching to discover hidden prostitution rings, to help prevent child prostitution.
An app to help teachers understand the best way to get their projects funded.
Piazza-inspired Q/A with video playback

Help someone get back home
Train & Employ differently abled people. Help them earn their living.


A YO app to monitor your upcoming flight fares 24/7. Once the price gets dropped below your setting, you'll get YO'd!
Yo it your way through technews


Be prepared and shop for future disasters!



Don't just listen to your music, experience it!
Build and manage sport event stats
The table football results tracker for discerning players
An IOT Ecosystem of a RFID vending m/c , wristbands, Zebra Printers and mobile devices for enhancing visitor Ex



Get Started To Finish Fast
Anonymous chatting and calling!
Contextualizing the space around us
Visually appealing web platform to showcase family history
Using modern advances in dating to help orphaned animals
Need extra weapons to advance to next stage of your game.Get some Mc Power.You will love it.
A New social gaming which permit clients to challenges themselves and develop the Macdonald's local community.
The digital playplace.

Yo for the nearest dispensary.
A revolutionary twist on the classic game Marco Polo
Modulate room temperature with nature's help!
Learn spanish with your virtual pen pal
Teaching good habits, with money
A pebble watchface that displays tide information from the closest beach to your location.
A FUSE filesystem that allows you to interact with your friends as files
Helps to get secret santa gifts by analyzing the personality of people on social networks

Using the Myo armband, create a bicycle-mounted display that makes yourself more visible to others on the road.
Drop pictures and links for others to discover at the same location.
Share contact information by shaking hands
google maps, statistics, demographics, cloudent, sql, excell,charts, infographics, appyio,
Regression model of Ebola Death Cases vs Demographic Characteristics
Predicting rate of growth of ebola and the impact of socio-economic factors
Plots of various relations in the data
Visualize Ebola cases with health centers. Find correlations with food prices.
Look into Sierra Leone food pricing shows either no ebola correlation or need for more relevant data
Spatial Multi-compartmental Epidemic Model Districts Mobility Sierra Leone
NA
We use Stata 13.1, SPSS Version 22 and SAS 9.4  statistical software.
Using Network Analysis to examine ETU locations.
The beginning stages of a deep scrubbing of this, well, interesting dataset.
save the monk seals
Protecting Nature, Preserving Life. We are a public initiative to report invasive & native species.
Mentorship for Women
Your one stop shop for climate change videos


An immersive VR horror experience featuring nightmare fuel and a torch
Interstellar space ball travel
history told by people.
Ayudar en identificar los problemas de urbanizacion en una ciudad
Localizador de tranporte urbano por medio de php, JAVA, Android, Arduino

Selling in 60 seconds.
Count all your chickens, before they hatch
"Analytics as a Service" for Small/Medium Retailers
A tile-swapping medieval farming puzzler
Wargame with robot miniatures
Quick, easy, smart lock
An innovation in communication
Where the bloody hell are you?
Renting done right
Deep ConvNet powered Automatic Labelling Environment helps to create tags on the objects in images.
Lost somewhere without internet access? Get directions in your language via sms.
Summarise your academic papers

In our world, knowledge is power. The more you know, the more you conquer.
Operate your application with just voice!
Describes a photo feed using machine learning to blind social media users!
Uncover your news
Discover different takes on news events
Quickly add context to stories from your archive
Putting news on the map, and maps on the news
Delivering Al Jazeera news through engaging conversations.
For local experiences on air.
Build your narrative around data
An integrated (story) development environment for reporters
Explore the news as it unfoldsblock-by-block.
Your News, Your Way
Smart Blood Pressure Management
OneCare empowers you to take control of your health and care for those you love.

Run corporate health programs, earn points and stay fit !

Party with confidence.
Move through space and time in spaces, with timing
Shanghai's best metro map: now with Open Data-powered online exit maps
Simpler transfer, better life.
The only app you'll ever need to park your car!
Create self-guided walking tours for mobile commuters. Build paths and points of interest virtually anywhere.
Parkopedia, a Wikipedia for parking that helps drivers find the parking!
Combines uber-like smart routing across multiple modalities to reduce congestion, save time, and lower pollution.
Bandwagon reduces congestion at major transportation hubs by making it easy to share rides with other travelers.
Combines uber-like smart routing across multiple modalities to reduce congestion, save time, and lower pollution.
Social Mobile Gaming
Like Apples to Apples or Cards Against Humanity but specific to your friend group.
Try on clothes without actually wearing them.
The new way to improve your typing skills
Play your favorite instruments in one nifty app!
Adding a bonus to social interaction
Discover, measure, create, and order stunning frame collages for your space using your smartphone's camera.
Tinder for image selection
Communicate edits of your photography easily with clients, using Behance and Twitter.
Show your wuff side
Use locally sourced photos to plan your next outing.

Checkin with a smile
Share best moments with best friends
One click. That look. Your photo.
Enhanced Image Search
Request a photo from anywhere in the world.
Fight climate change by changing world policies
It's an entertaining game with amazing user interface.

WebLotteryVote
Salesforce1 Apps
ChatterChrome

IoTSalesforce


Lightning

10%



Your Personal Home Expert Powered by FLIR One
Make your FLIR One Contextually Aware with Thermal Compare!
The world's first simultaneous multiplayer cell phone game, FLONG, is easy to control but hard to master.
Green screen meets infrared.
personal alarm for temperature

App will look for faces of people who are sick.
Modernizing the LPT industry
Marketplace for last-minute goods and services
Intelligent Airport Navigation by Leveraging the Crowd
Make your event shirts more interesting with light-up information tickers!
Oh shit! I forgot to turn off the lights!
A live-feed of NFL scores and game time left on an MeU LED matrix
Colourless is a spectacular action/driving game.
Find things to do at San Francisco International Airport while waiting for your flights!

Pong with the Myo

Helping Hand
" " ,     .
Push And Learn
.
Park a car without suffering
Turn your playlist into a radio. Your music, your playlist just like a radio stream with an artificial DJ.
Android app for university schedules with per-class chats and a web-app prototype with Google Calendar import feature
.
vision, ultravision, ultrasonic, android, java, c, ioio, arduino, blinds, service

Saving smiley moments for rainy days when you need them the most. Save, Share & Shake your Happiness.

Outpour lets you easily and meaningfully express appreciation for the special people in your life :)



Talent recognition video app that spreads joy

30 HQ Videos, 30 Meditations & Exercises. Free app for Happiness & Less Stress! www.themeaningoflife.tv
Google Glass and Myo controlled Quadcopter connnected by Intel Edison #jedilife

Let your doorbell do all the work for you.
Head mounted ultrasonic rangefinder with variable feedback for obstacle detection
The Future of Light Painting

Experience motion control in the physical world.
A demonstration of cool Cisco WAN and DCI technologies
load balance a pair of active/active (not failover) firewalls
MRAJabber
#businesswithoutborders

An instant biography for any ancestor: Explore the lifestyles, places and events that impacted their lives.
Your stories making history


Personalized health through genealogy, health histories, & genetics to help families minimize risks & live well.

Google-like full text search in historic and handwritten documents without prior referencing
Find experts for your specific family history needs with Dutch auction pricing
Where Everyone Makes History

The easiest way to record your family stories.
Bring your family history to life with interactive stories that let your family discover their ancestors!
An Augmented Reality game that spans the web in the battle against growing, invisible evil.
Customized coaching for your journey to athletic greatness.

Share your eyes with an expert
Pharmaceutical & Biotech manufacturing impacts millions of lives. Don't just look like a master - be one.
Project Intelligence Anytime, Anywhere
An Augmented Reality game played on a real table using printable AR-markers

Financial Trading on Moverio
Dskalos, an interactive science teacher for augmented reality.


World class care in the comfort of your living room.
Effortless, timely course updates
A beaker notebook with Python & d3.js tools for analyzing and visualizing minecraft worlds
Socal based analytics
A Pebble App for Chrome.
Making your doctor a touch away.
Pebble's animated timer
Break out of Apple's garden: virtualize OS X & iMessage everywhere, securely.
Education. Realtime. It's awesome.
Constantly checking everything from hydration levels to pronation, Splash is any avid runner's best friend.
A Small Step to a Greener World
Dynamic Spotify Playlists based on sentimental analysis and naive categorization of Twitter tweets

Get you where you want to be safely and quickly
Never be late again with Scoutify, an intelligent platform for geolocationally mapping out your schedule.
Oculus Rift, Myo, and Fruit Ninja all in one!
Smart News for Dumb Phones
Making sense of the NYPD's sparse crime dataset for fun and social profit.
optimize energy density of your combat MREs
Streamlined exchanges between friends and strangers (on Craigslist) via Postmates
Full Internet via only SMS

connect to their world

Free stuff delivered to your door for a small fee!
Discover relevant real time information with Curiosity.
Reimagine music browsing - browse with your eyes
Quickly explore new songs you might like and effortlessly add them to your Spotify with a swipe.
Automatic environment setup on your server using any Github repo.
Find similar songs!

manage concussion recovery and lifestyle calming
We are the Gates foundation for Emojis
Shape your music.
A real-time image recognition app that identifies real-world objects and returns financial info and other features.
App that turns any person into a cardiac arrest first responder and life saver
Nutritional information and food delivery for shoppers with cardiovascular disease
Transparent zero commision investments
Delivering the most important information from any website through in-page, crowdsourced, highlights.
An organizer that knows all about what objects you store; all without having to hit a button
Using Fourier Series to automatically generate step-by-step drawing guides
Making checking your watch a lot more interesting
Vibrates your body depending on what you're doing in virtual reality (getting shot, bumping into things)
Internet through FM Radio
Crowdsourced Technical Interview Practice with Realtime Code Evaluation

LaTeX note-taking webapp backed by cloud storage with email integration for document upload
Your face is now a QR Code to your information.
Simplified Check in
Re-imagine banking starting with re-imagining the potential of investment.
Integration of Meta 1 and Parrot Drone to create an intuitive and unique control system

The future of financial, professional, and social transactions.
Google Cardboard on iOS
Fight bad guys using an on-screen piano to switch between party members and pull off melodic combos!
Navigate through the solar system by reaching out and grabbing the artificially augmented planets to learn facts

For your next road trip, focus on fun, not finances

An educational treat
Saving Lives with Twilio
Notifications on your browser. Water you waiting for? Nothing, because Water waits for you.
Travel has a new URL....
Keeps you up to date with any music posts that your favorite artists and bands post on Twitter.
An app for all your posters!
Extended Splunk Alert Manager with advanced reporting on alerts, incident workflows and auto-resolve features
Reduce time to resolution of issues in mixed virtual and physical networks
Get a bird's eye view of your Microsoft SCCM Deployment with Splunk
Insight into System Center Configuration Manager 2012 R2.

With the power of Game Master, lose the game with your telegram groups.
A great way to keep track of things to do with someone. #WWMA
The Product Showcase. Automated.
Adaptable low cost bone conduction hearing aid
Taking the Virtual out of Virtual Reality. Cheap, exciting and right in your face.
Bridging physical interfaces. Connecting experience.
Reorganize products based on the reasons your customers are shopping
Craftsman in the #MakerAge!
Ask The Experts
Own SOMOLO e-commerce by creating hundreds of user focused, highly automated, API driven Social magazines.
Drop hints about the gifts you want.

Rehook is a webhook dispatcher, filtering incoming requests from external services and acting on them.
Vendor Go dependencies
Visualize go programs in a graph to create an overview of its structure by scanning a GitHub repository.
An open source image uploader by the Imgur team
Let's meet to launch.
Closing the Gender Gap one view at a time
Offering online "pest control" solutions for women news publishers
Pitch Coach is a mobile app that teaches female digital media entrepreneurs to pitch their ideas

Pocket songs from YouTube directly to your Music Player
A map that identifies buildings around Boston University
Take back your private time.
Geeks Burning Calories
Build vocabulary with minimum efforts
Track your all shipment by one click at one place
Buy what you see...Real Quick!.
A web app for finding an exercising buddy!
finally a positive, fun gaming app that reinvents the Prince/Princess trope
Let us find you a spot!
You're either in or you're out.
Security Within Your Reach
Improving living environment and community communication
A robotic arm controlled with the interface of a Leap Motion. Simple, yet full of potential.

brighten your evening
Roam Freely
Pebble Spreeder uses a single word speed reading technique to let a reader speed read books in the public domain.
High fashion wearable that harness the power of light to create custom prints and patterns on the body
The New Generation of Health and Fitness
#Easy Grow!
Free stuff. One place.
The dance floor from the future
ship it or buy it?
An Environmentally Aware Mesh Network
Local events just got a lot more interesting!
Helping drivers find energy
Hacking Facebook to Provide Free Unlimited Cloud Storage
The fun is Infectious!
Discover, plant, and grow awareness with a beautiful, straight-forward, and powerful grassroots platform.
A modern storytelling of the histories of cities, powered by d3.js
Revitalize the comic book industry by generating a new wave of readers and supporting indie comic authors
The budgeting app that fits your personal needs.
Transmits data with audio
Android App
Talent is a web application that allows Venmo users to generate and manage printable payment codes.
Given a color, take a picture of something of that color in under thirty seconds. Points awarded for best match.
Dimension-hopping arcade platformer
Why not munch?
Easily, quickly, and securely authenticate your online accounts.
Capture the entire moment and share the whole perspective


Know before you go below. - Voice notification of arrival times!
A free app that keeps you on track with travel alerts.
On iOS App that shows the departure times of New York's buses in an attractive augmented reality view
HTML 5. Always Up To Date
Right info, Right time, Right place thanks to interactive smart stickers
For a more accessible subway!
NYC Accessible: The best source for NYC Subway accessibility information and elevator/escalator status updates/alerts
ReMap is a dynamic, interactive map with the ability to distribute and express real-time subway information



Collaborative Study Guides
High-resolution maps in the browser, for printing.
Peer2Peer Financial Transactions that help fund charities
An algorithmic, cloud based investment advisory app
3-D Molecular Visualization and Manipulation with PyMOL, Oculus Rift, and Leap Motion
clamor captures the competitive spirit of students with an anonymous platform for sharing & voting on experiences
Oculus-rift dental training app.
Join a group chat with your friends and one of the smartest cognitive computers.
Currency Exchange Rate Prediction
Play anything anywhere
Because There's More to Running
Make big decisions in where to live or work easier through analyzing market data

An SMS command-line interface for Dropbox.
Using simple gestures, this app eliminates the need to text and drive.
Trogdor, the Burninator, is a collection of hardware that specializes in making metal objects extremely hot.
OpenGL arcade game starting from nothing
Revolutionary and simple way of judging one's sense of time with medical purposes
A highly customization server in matlab, to be used for games, file sharing, and much more.
Proof of concept 2D image to 3D model
The most immersive and realistic virtual reality pancake-flipping experience on the planet!
Sending data via sound
NFC tag smart home check-in system for guests and residents.
An interactive Humans of New York using geographically-pinned audio files
OBDII Data Logger that allows for friendly monitoring and notifications; less intrusive "black box" for your car.
Compete in minecraft to mine for actual bitcoin
Mapping crime statistics to hotel location to safen your travel search
A text-able jukebox that plays whatever you want by streaming music through an Intel Edison
Split a Pizza with a stranger!
Stumble Upon meets Yelp using the data-rich APIs from Strap Kit and Google Places.
Find out how to save money by managing your income!
stalk your favorite artist
random puzzle generator with different levels of difficulty to challenge your pup

A contextual analysis tool for event planners
learn, teach, know
Telling the story of the 2008 Recession through music
Easily access hard-to-reach health records
Push your friends around in this casual web browser game using your mobile phone as a controller!
A modal android keyboard for quick and precise editing of documents.
Browse your photos with phrases
Virtually immerse yourself in the beauties of the world without leaving your room.
A whole new way to interact with your computer and your data
Making sign language interpretation accessible using #leapmotion
A UNique community lending service
Kinect Avateering in Augmented Reality
Your intelligent, social watch list
Let the Myo take control of your workouts and music to push your limits and get in the best shape of your life!

Drone Buddy follows you wherever you go
SoundSieve allows you to discover new music in an efficient, intuitive way.
Addictive Sorting Game -- Android
Who will be the next great selfie master... #znapper
With over 500 lines of code and over 24 hours of dedication, we wrote a code which shows a Canny Edge image.
Discover events that you're interested in with Advent, an event-based photo-sharing platform.
Cross-platform Application That Revolutionizes Social Debt Management


Easier shopping through repeat payments & product bundles
happiness is a few paws away
Search Yelp listings and plan day trips by mood. Sentiment analysis, dictionary comparison and business attributes.
It's like Tinder for restaurants
Uses GPS location to stream photos from twitter.
Challenge your friends to solve puzzles created from pictures that you capture!
You smile, you win. You laugh, you lose...Now let's Face Off.
I was blind, but now I see

Data analysis on Yelp data sets at the Montreal Yakathon
Augmented Reality Instruments with Meta Glasses and Myo


Like tinder, but for everything else


Access government data. Transparently.
We designed a system to more accurately collect data on maternal and neonatal deaths in India through SMS.
Cache In On Education
Making it easier for doctors to monitor and investigate patient data in Uganda
Promoting healthy outcomes for mothers and infants through interactive care.
A radio station able to provide vital information to secluded and remote areas
Finding opportunities has never been so easy.

A multi-stage project on design and development of visualizations about educational data in Tanzania
Seizure Prevention Software
Train yourself to stop saying certain words
Visual Aid for Color-Deficient Users
A search engine for people who don't know what to search for.
Make sure to stay In The Loop
A smart cane that translates feedback to a user through a Myo






Connect and interact with students like you!
it'll only take a sec
Seemlessly track volunteer hours


Lights Music Commotion
Hero a potential life save - touch. alert. saved.
Connecting talented business entrepreneurs, engineers, and designers.
Connect with students, manage your studies, build your future

A harmony of sound and emotion.
Encrypt messages into inconspicuous images!


Geolocating by photo, removing evil curse, charge conservation
Private party or flashmob using phones with flash
game, multiplayer, fun,
Service for quick description of IT startups using structured templates and demonstration on a web page.
Reformat Javascript as beautiful ASCII-art pictures while preserving code functionallity
Help your friends to know that you are alive
game, android, iOS, indie-damedev
Cast magic and be happy ;)
#douhack #Android #Java #Service #Diary
cv, js
A system which gets & analyse  info of epidemic diseases to handle outbreaks on time to reduce no. of casualties.
Yelp! for schools
Chalo hull karain! Get together with like minded people and make the city better place!
Its the business opportunity to marginalize women to meet their entrepreneurial challenges.
Alert Today Alive Tommorow
A traceability solution through the scanning of QR codes, Barcodes, NFC tags, or RFID tags.
Stay Up To date with Your City Markets
Don't abuse. Be a "Good Fellow",report it to the right place  and get free exciting gifts

"Education at Hand", "Kill the fun" or "Bridge between Parents and Teachers"
Random Startup Name Tweeter
Online application using LEAP to help teach sign language
"Terrorism is contempt for human dignity"
A motion powered music creation suite
Software to map the world's emotional state
3D motion-sensor Space Shooter and Asteroid Dodger
Demonstration of active monitoring and big data analysis.
Leap powered QWOP inspired crawling simulator
Optimization of Neural Networks to carry out Time series forecasting, exploiting a Genetic Algorithm

Everything can be measured with bananas.
Toast the most optimal, ideal toast you'll eat every morning

Unsubscribe Me allows users to clean up their email accounts!
The First and Only Mathematics Virtual Experience
Enhance your reading.

No one likes being hungry.



















Input parking lot output chaos
syncretizzle combines your Facebook statuses with classic literature to generate poetry.
Karaoke for the ukelele
The intelligent exercise mat of the future. Better metrics. More tracking. Improved self.
Jam even without the band

Sleep Detection for Smarter Surroundings
Instantly generate websites from hand-drawn mocks.
Realtime communication with brainwaves and augmented reality.
The Alt-Tab of the future
Pebble + Android application that tracks your location and wakes you up when you near your final destination.

iDrone with motion controls
Visualizing App Conversion in a digestible and insight enhancing format

Your most precious moments at your fingertips.
Augment the world with real-time data visualization
A smart GPS to give you the safest routes to your destination.
Interact with your phone as a realitime hologram on Meta AR glasses
Mind Controlled Music + Virtual Reality
Empowering curators. Captivating visitors.
Powerful System-wide Text Manipulation on CyanogenMod
Contextual information about the world around you. Point to learn.
The Next Generation Search Engine for Business Intelligence
Vote for the city of your dreams from your smart phone.
Projecting a Better Future
Robot Arm controlled by Leap Motion sensor, motion recorder
Crowd source corporate takeovers; activist investing for everyone
Turbocharge Your Keyboard
voice control for Chrome
Internet Connected Doorbell
Analysis and visualization of genomic data of cancer patients using NLP
With Couch, users connect their Directv SetTop boxes to enjoy the SAME content at the SAME time.
Solving Botswana's Phamaceutical System
Augmented reality mesh editor for designers
Clap on! Clap off! Clap on, clap off  the clapper!
Uses sentiment analysis and D21's voting philosophy to show that extreme partisionship can still have common ground.

Care packages, peer reviews, and homework help for our most stressed-out moments in life.
















Create a platform for future communication the moment you shake hands with someone.







Dodge the endless onslaught of STDs while you direct your ship through the infectious seas of color!






























































































A javascript library to build an extensible image editing tool, on top of FabricJS



A fun tool that adds artistic and wild brush types for FabricJS

This demo shows how you can extend a FabricJS object, Image in this case, and extend it with new functionality.



A data visualization depicting bicycle commuting stats over the past few decades.
Park peacefully


































































































#Android-based survey of housing


































Rainbow variation of the "Matrix" rain code animation

Your complete study guide
A drug search engine which allows users to search drugs and returns nearest pharmacies having those drugs




A local git server for when the hackathon wifi just ain't doin git.
.
We Spongoled All Night.

The app that reminds you to order tweezers when you go on amazon or to take a hat when going jogging!
A streamlined travel application. Search for buses, trains or flights.
Do you know your stocks? Test yourself with Bloomberg Trivial.
Learn a foreign language by
An open source, multi-platform, and collaborative service to create playlists and play music with your friends
Street smart recommendation engine for food
3D real life simulation. With a lot of bacon.
An integrated social network for students
Pebble Watch

The alarm that makes you get up and do stuff
Prioritising the sickest patients
What's the color of the dress?

Bitmanager tells you how much you need to spend on bitcoins now to have a certain value in BTC later
One day you wonder one day you hungary just tender surrounding restuarant proud meals
The mobile garage sale on your phone, always ready for you.
Helping disabled people type without the use of a keyboard
Providing analytical tools to businesses without internet resources in developing countries

An awesome app to get alive at home when you take the car!
Play with a penguin that are having a good time, with your feet. Is jut Penguin Rush!!!!



Connect digitally with someone in the most natural way possible, a handshake.
It's SnowProblem to learn a language
Strap once, click anywhere! Strap Click is a flexible, mobile, crowd polling system.
Getting you home safe
Start learning reverse engineering in one minute

Location based news aggregator.
Gives users and enterprises an overview of their spending and expenses
AgroAlerts detects weather and machine-related farm emergencies and sends phone calls to farmers with detailed info.
What outbreak are you looking for?
Helping victims of natural disasters.

Enable firewall rules with a telephone
A living room quiz game of wits and deceit using your mobile device
John Deere Fleet Monitoring for your Pebble

A nerf autoturret that uses facial recognition to destroy your enemies.
A hat to helps you never bite your nails again
.
Traveling in your friends' footsteps: Feel like a local in cities around the world with hands-free social check-ins

Keeping You Safe on Late Night Strolls
Hacktor can track every factor of your tractor
Money transacting app using Myo and Dwolla
Yelp with a social twist
Map your adventures for a moment.
Improving healthcare one beat at a time
Interactive, bright and fanciful LeapMotion-controlled fashion
Gather. Explore. Rally.
Not what you need to know, but who you need to see. #Sick in, Doc out
Why Limit Yourself To Just One Mouse?

OculuScooter is a virtual scooter simulator which uses real scooter handle and your own foot as inputs.
Have IBM's Watson recommend your viewing material!
Scan ISBNs. Receive free textbooks.
Capture and share your screen with ease.
Organizing and viewing your bookmarks has never been easier
Send messages that can only be opened where you say.
Send Digital 'PaperPlane' and Promote Random Interactions with Users
Help piece your music back together!
Learn American Sign Language quickly and easily using a Kinect!

Real time VR chat
All purpose buttons for all your household needs.
Virtual Reality notepad and lecture
Location Based Tours
The future of parking meters
Control your car from your Smartwatch, monitor and diagnose it from your phone

A selfie drawing Etch-A-Sketch
A Hydration Game for the 21st Century.
Experience "earthbending" in a 60 second target practice using an Oculus rift and two Myo arm bands.
Organize your housing situation through an all-in-one local network!
Improve your city!
See what the market sounds like.
Turn a phone call into a song using your phone's keypad.
Classic games on the go! Anytime, anywhere.
All the fun of winning a major race without the tedious years of training.
Help Shreyas navigate the tumultuous path to internship by spewing B.S in tech interviews. Based on a true story.

.
Soothe pain with android and custom circuitry.
Imagine if every morning, was the perfect morning.
The web app that connects you to the events you love.
An iOS app for hackers to cooperate, convene, and code.
Fantasy league for movie enthusiasts
Hacking the future to explore the past
Change the way you run
A Typing Posture Correcting Personal Assistant that Prevents Carpal Tunnel and Tendonitis
Paint it with Light
A parrot that obeys!
If your path is RUFF, patch it up by Mobi
The financial next step for college graduates

See what YOU should bring #crowdsourcedpacking
Signal2Speech
Integrating sound into the environment

Storyboard for API
StellarApp  Electronic Business Card Holder
.
naturally walk around a virtual store from the comfort of your own chair
Your personal relationship concierge.


Saleswatch.club members select goods and services from online retailers and receive alerts when they go on sale
Your development environment in the cloud.
Share without Borders: Send and Receive Holograms and Bitcoins
Better your driving each day, and be safe!
Are your stores struggling to compete with Amazon.com?  Get #LiquidPrice for In-Location customer engagement
Connecting First Responders Through Twitter

This team has created a GUI interface for R packages related to biodiversity informatics and predictive modeling.
Get insights in GBIF-mediated datasets with charts and metrics.
A new graph-based approach to explore species datasets by their ecological and biogeographical affinities
One hashtag, infinite outcomes
Listen to the world of biodiversity through GBIF data
Cross-linking data Across the Biodiversity Universe through the use of unique identifiers and related data objects.
Manipulate music with an interactive LED soundboard.

.



Assisting local community leaders achieve their social and economic development goals.
A granular visualization of historic and forecasted influenza exposure in the US
NYC highways analytics
Finding an available oasis in a business desert


When events become way to chat !
Stop guessing. Stop wasting customers. Turn conversations into sales with Moxtra CRM.
Moxtra IMOK will help parents know not only where the child is, but also that the child is "Okay"!


.
-

.





.



You've seen Twitch plays Pokemon we now bring you "Twitch Plays the Stock Market"
Start your quest today with QuestBoard

Who are where we live
Quickly find the statistics you need to launch a startup in NYC.
More thoughts, short words
And suddenly, Silicon Harlem is all too real.
Automated shell trolling.
Dynamic Web Application that tracks tech companies in Harlem
Python error messages, sung by Portal's GLaDOS
The buddy system -- for mental health.
A personal trainer in the palm of your hand.
A javascript NES ROM hacking framework similar to the DOM for programmatically editing NES games in real time.
The first actual blocker of ads for iOS
Never ever leave the terminal.  It's scary out there in the graphical world.
Let your chin take the spotlight! Real-time photo booth for your chin.
Bet against your friends' relationships
Using your GOAL$ to take the fear out of finance.
Save while you spend




Search for challenges ends here


Learn SAT words in the most annoying way possible
Super easy private and public polls.



Crowd-sourced code generator for Sublime Text. Convert ideas into code!
SMS-based Spotify Jukebox with Twilio - Let the people decide.
Sampler controlled by the Leap Motion, implemented in Java+PureData
Let our crowds bring the smiles
Innovative assistance with motion

CO2 tracking for your car, powered by Mojio.

Locale: Connecting you to your community.

MOBIT - The simplest way to interact with customers via mobile
Easy Check-in; for in-peson events, easily track attendance, upsell & trigger follow-up
An easy way to use Infusionsoft invoicing for all your billings and collections.
This Personal Communicator brings the Power of Infusionsoft to your Inside Sales Campaigns!
Visitors to Customers
View visual charts of your data inside your Infusionsoft app and on your smart phone.


.
Share your eyes with an expert
Dskalos, an interactive science teacher for augmented reality.
This Handsfree Augmented Reality app teaches Wellstar how to set up a chest drain! Cool!
3D Augmented Reality Space Tower Defense on your living room table
.


The Recoverable Satellite Testing Platform
Sail the seven seas, saving sailors as a tangerine defending your ship of sick in Scurvy!
Radio that plays the hits and news from the 1920s to today.
Survive through waves of epic monsters in your quest to become the Poop Train Conductor!
We've reached a new frontier for the digital DJ.
P2P NFC Money Transactions
Excel + Flowcharts: Light-weight, flexible data modeling
"Everything you love about Super Mario Bros, now on the Pebble Watch!"

Fully decentralized serverless cryptographically secure P2P webchat on a chrome extension

Bluetooth enables Trease Hunt with customizable Clue
STFU. pls
Face it is a fun, competitive exercise  2-player game based on webcam
Dice Rollahing app #MacroFrenzy
Motion controlled side scrolling mini-game that tweets your friends.
The 50 hues of Hugh
Synthesizer/sequencer and interactive audio visualiser

Help Butterscotch solve riddles in this beautifully illustrated scavenger hunt!

Using Apps to get you healthy, and keep you that way.
Calorie tracking for everyone.






Easy Expungment in Louisiana



Shooting game, integrating Myo with Oculus rift, for the ultimate VR experience

The Communication Tool for Organisations
RePlay Mode for DaftPunKonsoleV2
-
3D mini-game where you face off against MLB pitchers
Teaching coding, on your schedule, at your pace

Enhancing Live Music Performances
Caretaker then, Caregiver now
Sports scores while you do laundry!

Automating house bill Venmo requests
The solution to expand your coding horizons with a single click.
Full-body enlightenment through Myo and Intel Edison
A Pebble App for Managing the Little Parts of Your Busy Life.
A hardware and software based solution for Android to increase the longevity of your device's battery over time
Myo-activated edison web app
The DriveThru, Reinvented
Photo editing genetic algorithm
A 3D Pokemon battle game for the Oculus Rift, Myo, and Leap Motion
A Gravity-Defying Physics Puzzler
How do your feels compare to others?
Pumping balloon with Myo band. Try to bammmm the balloon in the shortest amount of time (yeah we have a scoreboard)
Reading, collaboratively.

Dashboard pothole detection system
m
Reconnect with friends wherever you travel!
Learn essential/interesting skills, such as guitar strumming, sign language, or how to cut a carrot with leap motion
Mapping what you want.
Fun
A genetic algorithm that uses machine learning to help people reach a better place and to make the world more secure
Control your phone without touching it.
Sophistication by Simplicity-The New Face of Pebble
More than just a reflection

Take the friction out of networking. Sonder connects you with hundreds of local professionals. Elevate your career.
Make a social impact while having fun by collaboratively fighting cancer in this interactive game!
A web-based platform that uses the Muse headband to monitor drivers' brain activity to help them focus on the road.
Build and participate in location-based challenges effortlessly.
Code your ant colony to sweet victory with the power of javascript! Collect sugar, dig tunnels and leave JSON trails
Do you like omelettes, but don't like to make them yourself? Omelette Bot.
Redefining the way we share.
Technology that takes you to places that you could only dream off
Speak to read.
Smart and social movie reviews.
A seamless piano in a virtual reality. Networked to bring piano players together across the globe in a duet.
Bionics Simplified

iPresent cuz iConfident

Just the Good Stuff
Making an Impact with IMPACT Testing







Economical and flexible interactive virtual drawing board

Enhance Productivity with Citrix Receiver- Mobile Printing with ThinPrint 10.6!

"Budget" your time spent in various products at work in the same way you budget your monthly expenses.
Integrate Podio & Xero - get the two platforms to work together by sending contacts and invoices to Podio.
Optimize your project workflow and resource management.
Deployment Failed. Log files everywhere! Have no fear, ElectricFlow + ShareFile are here.
Daisy is an AI that watches your systems and protects your business 24/7.


The new way to listen to music on the go.

Controlling your home environment through gestures
The next leap in RC Hacking.

Effortless, fire-and-forget Amazon refunds when prices change
The world'd first completely hands free controllable human biped robot using Microsoft Kinect.
Portable text to speech box/tweet reader, for the visually impared.
Easy way to complete mobile payments


Adding a new degree of social to OneNote
Volunteering resources brought to your phone.
Replacing humans one letter at a time
Never fear public speaking again

A Social Media Game Charity Campaign
Reuniting Music with Collaboration.
A scavenger hunt game for Snapchat

Have phone number insights from Nexmo appear in your Highrise contacts.

Should I bike or ride? Our trip planner helps you decide.
Solve quadratic equations


Fast and easy door lock control system
Wearable Myo-linked safety vest for bike-riders: brakes, turn signals, emergency mode, and more!

Generate QR codes
Take care of a bacterium that grows from ideas and knowledge instead of food!
Deep learning for mining data about your fish's wearabouts
Never Over Feed or Forget to Feed your Pet Again!
Amazing music for all to listen
Platform for SMS applications: The future is nigh, and no internet connection is required.
Augmented Language Immersion System
Drone mounted GNU radio frequency detection system
3 in 1 Magic the Gathering App
Exercise Incentivizer
Brainwave and gesture powered musical instrument
Combing GitHub, making git commits safer, and man-in-the-middle attacks. Oh my!
Don't stare at beam with remaining eye

Arduino coding made easy with iPhone!
Keyboard biometric human identification system
Change the way customers experience retail with BeaconCart with geolocation, mobile payments and accessibility
Use your queuing time productively
The internet of tomorrow is formulated from the data of today
Crowdsourcing home delivery
Where should you host your next hackathon? Data mining and visualisation for broadening access to cool tech events
Ever wanted to know what the Mona Lisa sounds like?
Motivating you to vote in the UK General Election... by being a pain in the arse
Use your website visitors to discretely process big data using JS. Solve big problems using a crowd-sourced cluster.
A drone that can do art? No way!
Compare FINRA-registered investment professionals to find one you can trust.
Write better emails with IBM's Watson
An API to detect sarcasm.
Python framework for robotics, physical computing, and the Internet of Things

Ultimate photo generator based on the contribution of millions of TripAdvisor users.
Because not all money is the same
Your Pebble is a virtual marble maze- tilt where you want to go.
Because your day deserves a little timeOut.
Be your best self when writing emails.
Arm-wrestle with yourself or your friends with a mind-controlled robotic arm
Parking. Simplified.
Facial Recognition with Twitter Data Aggregation
How does the world feel about X?
Turning Youtube into your personal storage space.
A new way to connect with the outside world, share your eco spots, and discover spots youve never heard of.

Interfacing the Kinect and the Oculus Rift to simulate Mario's favorite past time, squashing Goombas
Crowd-sourced, loan platform, Money, banking, loans, free market, microloan
A quick glance today for your investing future tomorrow
Winner to be announced!
You should know before you go! Traffic analysis with heuristic classification.
Awesome interactions with live web camera using a Leap motion as a paint brush.

Predict the stock market, become the next Wolf on Wall Street
Filter and aggregator for curated snaps
Fly around Mars with Oculus Rift and Myo!
An educational Environmental Game thats fun to play

Immersive data viewing environment
Email your code to us and you'll automagically get a reply with the output
A new personal safety app for your Pebble!
Web pages are responsive, but images aren't. We made a JS framework to put content aware images on your web pages!



Staying Alert through Brain-Wave Detection
Emergency Automated Silent Caller
Automatically tracks your phone usage every day
Collaborative shopping list app with SMS and Venmo integration
Your personal philanthropic productivity producer
Snowboarding! using the oculus rift and Wii fit board.
Android app for real-time bus tracking
Access meal plan and dining hours right on your wrist!
Social giving via Twitter.
Where your face and the social network meet
Mailbox revisualized
A simple, and direct interface for making gestures and commands in 3D space
Get your power back

Battery-saving, easy to use, alarm clock and charger for your smart phone.
Enva dinero, tan fcil como hacer un avin de papel
A theremin for the future!
Using computer vision to solve an age-old guessing game
Smarter Wireless Insights
Remotely voice-controlled robotic arm
Hand-motion controlled wireless remote control turret
Crowd-sourced DJ
For all those times when you want to drive your mini Mini Cooper from the comfort of your own phone
Un nuevo aproach de los clientes al banco.
Music Playlist Sharing App
Stay connected. Help each other.
Your simple solution to career selection.
3D printing recycling center
Connecting Green spaces with urban farmers.
Let the turf wars begin!
This Handsfree Augmented Reality app teaches Wellstar how to set up a chest drain! Cool!
Dskalos, an interactive science teacher for augmented reality.
Better Prospects. Smarter Routes. Infinitely Flexible.
Find your adventure
#TODO make a tagline
Get Buzzed
Buzz yourself awake (a.k.a. the buzz is real; a.k.a. it's a buzzed life;)

Connects Music and BuzzFeed Articles through sentiment anaylsis
Maintain and Sustain Rural Microgrids
Measure the Sun, Measure the Savings!

Community solar subscription platform
You Shall Pass!
Carpooling made simple.
Platform for Button Based Applications
"The text that keeps on giving"
A smart rattle to make updatable hundred sounds which allow a baby to send a message to their parents.
Controlling  your surroundings,  from your fingertips,
Login securely (heh) to online web services through the medium of classical Arias.
A tool for reading and adapting texts based on the user's reading level.
No cash? Relax!
A dazzling new take on the classic sidescrolling platformer Mario, reimagined in first person with the Oculus Rift
See the meshes made using the BodyLabs API through Oculus. (+AR featuring a skeleton, pink bullets and fun )
A quick and easy way to discover everything you may need about different companies; plugin + website
Polygon MMO #HackYSU #MinimallyMultiplayerOnline
Swag rpm gauge that works decently well considering it uses accelerometer
Drink counting app that keeps you at your optimal buzz
Go back to the golden age of n64 being the owner of everything!
love letters to strangers
Caregiver journal app
ANOTHER Werewolf app... but different!
How do you receive your important emails when you don't have the internet?
Monopoly is more into trading than ever!
Remarkably intelligent restricted Bolltzman machine playing piano. (tl;dr: it can learn how to play some Bach)
Augment your soundscape.
Android app that translates between English and Furbish
Bose SMShuffle is a text service that will allow anyone and everyone to search/play/skip & more via SMS.
Real-life Pokemon on the RIT Campus!
See your mind in front of your eyes
Compete in coding challenges with your friends, made more fun with your favorite beverage (like Mountain Dew)!
Music app that lets you share and discover music to and from people around you
We build a self-driving car.  Yes, it's a real car.
Music shuffler for fitness freaks
Never have an offbeat party again.
Take on the world and complete the things you've always wanted to do! Track, share, and collect bucket lists.
Precision real world measurements using just a mobile phone camera
A virtual pet that lives in your browser
Intelligent high-level compression of audio files
The simple, intuitive way to practice your speech or presentation
A fitness tool that guarantees results
Conversational-speed text-to-speech using wearable steno
Visualize Your Travel History
Scrimpist provides automatic refunds from travel sites when prices drop
Experience travel with VR.
A biosensing system to help you keep calm
Create hilarious stories anonymously
Control CutieBot and take pictures via an NES Controller from anywhere in the world!
automatic text descriptions of images on Twitter
D'un bout  l'autre est une application web simple pour vous aider  planifier votre prochain voyage!
Inspiring travelers with medical conditions to the app or widget connecting to the TripAdvisor API

Multi-criteria heat map
Music box with robotic finger controlled by Pebble
Virtual snowball fights, anytime, anywhere.
...the app thats happy when you give it the finger.
Making the Virtual Physical
Human fall detector 2.0
30 seconds to save your memories anywhere else!
Surfing the web on a new wavelength.
Carls sexiling Carls!
Educational Game
Multiplayer WarioWare-like pebble app, designed to stimulate cooperative play.
Tell us what you saw, we'll tell you what you know.
Insanely hard laser puzzle game!
students, sensors, arduino, raspberrypie, optimal productivity conditions, webservices
BEER

Easily show and share your resume on the fly!
Fixing Exciting Scroll Bars!
The ultimate anxiety cooler for the Pebble user.
An infinite scroller game that uses the Myo band for controls...Plus wicked epic rainbow unicorn ninja transformation
"Exploring our solar system in our living rooms"
Fast and easy way to open up phone apps
Leave location based messages for friends, family or even strangers to find!
Exploring the beauty of what remains in rational fractions
Food with Integrity straight from your Pebble! Features a reverse-engineered API created by MitM-ing Chipotle iOS.
Intelligently simple 3D CAD software for Java
A web search engine, search the internet.
There's rooms and red cubes. What more do you want?


Nexmo Two-Factor Authentication plugin for WordPress


NYC Street Parking with pleasure
unleashing the data that citibike has
Reassuring the folks that the house isn't going to burn down. Or if it is, to let them know that it is!
Panic Button for the Smartphone Age
Can't find your StackOverflow tabs again? We are here to save your workflow.

Live stream event pictures and videos using MMS with zero account setup.
Prove your fashion-savyness in this fast paced shopping game!
Authentic street performances
Send smiles seamlessly
Experience locations in 3D as if you were there!
Open source telemetry system using downhill mountain biking as an inspiration.
Easy and fun way to split the check with your friends!
Low rate plans calls when you are traveling internationally
Exercise intensity leaderboard for step aerobics
Timesheets generated from your Outlook email. Faster than you can say "holy sheet!"
Preview and share your Apple Watch designs
Never leave your favorite chat - Siri like service to integrate into any chat application
talent search, social network
Twilio SMS
Connecting students and tutors, instantly.
Ridiculously easy private photo sharing between friends
Secure passwords have never looked so stylish!
IBM's Watson helps with your online shopping at Roztayger.com
Anonymous, ephemeral location sharing
Everyone is guaranteed an affordable, reliable internet.  $1 will creates jobs, reduce welfare, and empower lives.
Visualize many field reports in one elegant map
World's first truly smart posture tracking and alerting system
Mapping road conditions for better communities.
Find awesome new local music easily
Scan and index anything on the cloud
Language learning in context
Victorops for your life
Survival adventure game
Tinder for musicians looking to jam together
A bird's eye view of your organization's most valuable resource: people!
Text-based emojis gamification
No more Catfish!
Never rummage through your apartment looking for your phone, use our SmartCharge Cradle to instantly ring your phone!
Zero Subway Wait Time; A More Intelligent Direction
6 things you didn't know about your variables
Drinking games gone Digitial.
for the transgender community to share stories, experiences and resources
Pick your news based on tags instead of stories. No more clicks for karma.
We make calling tech support (and everything else) easy!
Find out where to donate with list customized to your personality
Rating-based Charity Donation around the world. Search, Evaluate, Select, Donate.
Rent a seat by the second! Using iBeacons!
Get the restaurant menu on your phone, order, eat, leave. We take care of the payment and everything else for you.
Real time lighting-action on train service
The Cure for the Common Inbox
Facebook Pages meets the web
We help you dress like a pro.
Helping you write better emails!
Machine Learning Place Predictor
Crowd sourced search results.  Think Reddit for Google.
Crowdbanking where everyone is your ATM
Cool analytics visualization for e-commerce stores
Need to understand what people are really saying in text messages? Send a message to buddy and find out!
Easily discover the top Spotify music being played around the world
So quick we didn't have time to spell it right - Install as many things as you want with one line of code
WebRTC and gigabit fiber enable VR broadcast of stereoscopic video for entertainment, medical, and educational uses
Run any software on any device
Recording 3D-360 videos that cross your personal space
Connect with like minded people nearby
Using Watson Technology to analyze news through Watson Personality and AlchemyAPI
Your guide to new adventures

Helping parents find the right high school for their child
We automate your research


Leave video trails of where you've been
Send video content to prospects and allow them to respond with video and automagically identify the best leads.
Compiling video has never been easier!
Seeing for the Blind with AWS, Dextro and later machine learning for what is being seen.
Create a video collage for you mom on mother's day!
A new way to Karaoke!
Colour Matching app for clothing. Find the perfect colour! Working on both phones/tablets and wearables.
Riddle me this: Gamification for the offline world. Connect online-data with customers in your real-world store.
Apple Watch app build at ecomhack 2015 - order the right product with one tap on your wrist!
Your most personal shopping experience yet.
Inspiring you to travel to the events you love.
Swipe the World
Visual Fingertip Filtering
For THack; an opinionated way to plan a weekend quickly
Co-op cyberpunk game, the Operator guides the Runner in the simulated mind of a host to get the data and get out.
You are Big Brother's eyes and ears. Prevent the crime before it's committed... or pay the consequences.
Collaborate to steer and maintain your steam submarine! Sink horrid monsters in an abyssal quest for magic Gems!
Create electronic music, alone or with randomly selected people from all over the world!
A game about you, a pet robot, and a campsite by the lake.
Captain Clark Adventures is a Point & Click game where you play a captain who tries to escape from a pirates' island.
Public speaking virtual trainer
A comfortable VR adventure where you have fun exploring and interacting with a magical setting
Be the eyes in the sky as you navigate your operative through waves of robotic enemies and target them from above!
You are a blind swordsman. You can't move. 3 men enter, listen carefully...
Tiny tanks decimate the landscape of a wargaming table in a turn-based artillery game from the founder of Sven Co-op.
DRIFT is the first bullet simulator for VR.
Control the elements to keep back the hordes of enemies roaming across your land, from your seat #AtopTheWizardsTower

player versus music
-

A kinetic light sculpture

What did the world look like through Van Gogh's eyes? Enter into his painting to find out.
Experience the world we live in from tiniest elementary particles to the vast galaxy superclusters.

A mind-bending cinematic platformer with dimension-altering puzzle mechanics and innovative VR gameplay

If you're not on the list, you're not coming in...

A documentary experience where you discover and understand the Korean D.M.Z through the memory of a former soldier.


Smash together and get your friends to protect you & light the way!
New way to learn languages with VR  (3d, audio, voice, text and touch). Specially for VR.
Walk through an intimate data portrait of yourself.
Watch or be watched, a warden simulation for Gear VR.
Fly on a magic carpet through the mystical land of Bazaar, collecting exotic curios to aid your exploration.

Polo is an asymmetrical game of cat and mouse developed for the GearVR.
Colosse: A story of colossal proportions: adventures in immersive and innovative Virtual Storytelling
Mobile friendly version of Harlemtech Website
One map.  One hub.  HarlemTech.
Open source wordpress website delivering a customized experience for the Harlem Tech Community
-
Schedule Uber for Future Pickups
Ride Uber Carbon Free
All your Uber numbers in one place!
Rally: Easy events, none of the hassle.
Drive Your Growth - Instant delivery for businesses
plugin web-plugin button deep-link easy-to-use
Workflow is an automation tool for iOS.
Crowd-sourced alerts to keep Houstonians safe during disastors
Easy community access to the Houston Police Department
Find the clutch ratings of your favorite sports players. Who was more clutch: Joe Montana or Steve Young?
The smart and connected football; part coach, time machine and teleporter.

Innovative College Roommate Matchmaking
Interactive sports news, data, and games

A foodie's guide to Houston's international restaurant scene
Never miss a trash day!
Promoting Transparency in Campaign Finance

Take your DJ controller anywhere with Leap Motion!
You've never had a better reason to run...
Saving people's lives one car at a time


Using smart water metering to make a visual, scalable and collaborative impact!
Oh Oh is a game in which you can play and learn at once!


Community sourced data for efficient street parking
The First and Last Mile
Find the best route without looking at your phone!

A Service for All
test
we are ubercool



two level authentication and fraud control with the power of nexmo

Making fresh produce available to the hungry of Santa Barbara County.

A collaborative music playlist for parties and social gatherings.

Understand the menu of restaurants all around the world
Making Nice's parks smarter, cleaner, and more connected.
Reduce air polution through gaming and reward users
Enhance your city experience
A fun and easy new way to buy and sell your used and unwanted items.
Eat smart
If we can't find your dream high school, no one can !!
make your community safe
No New Yorker goes to bed with an empty stomach
Saving students money, one special at a time.

Real time peer-to-peer specialist consults for NYP staff physicians and affiliates
Keep track of the most important face... Yours!
-

"Water from air to fight California's drought"
Open-source real-time transit information for the entire world


An end-to end solution for easily measuring & tracking fish!

We've been hacking since 2040.
Project-Based Tech Community
#Awesome #Funcode

Domotix

What You Need to Know in the Palm of Your Hand
Cuida tu auto, seguridad a la palma de tu mano!
Solucion de Manejo de Eventos de Produccion
Diseo optimizado de vehiculos
visin robotica matlab
Detect Emotions in Emails
analyze legal contracts
Oregon Trail like game that teaches you how to law.
Is it worth it? - Court Edition
The Safety Net For Your Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
Lexhacks 2015 hackathon project (contract parser)
Get an alert when your in a great spot for a selfie. Shake to take picture & preview.

Friction-less payment throughout your Mercedes-benz driving experience
Software, so that you never have to go to the gas station again.
Pebble watch app for counting drinks, estimating BAC, and understanding the effects of alcohol
Stop Drowsy Driving, Save a Life  One Friend At A Time
Code examples for new features of watchOS 2.
Remote Control for Prezi Presentations
virtual pet on your watch, that helps you get exercise.
Harry Potter's magic WhereAbouts clock
Find, meet, new people around for dynamic activities and meetups
Motion triggered sound effects
Play drums in the air
breakout game applewatch
Dodge those bullets


The Traveler invites visitors to learn & discover all that Philly & the University of Pennsylvania have to offer!
College campus tour and area map app
Explore the Campus and Beyond!
Making Time Travel So Easy, Anyone Can Do It
Navigating on Augmented Reality
Wayfinding and learning about Philadelphia's history and culture made easy with PocketSights
Changing your eating habits is hard. Epicure makes it easy.
Using smart monitoring to improve healthcare quality, improve health outcomes and reduce costs for diabetic patients
Just breathe... your feet will be in your control again.
Patented smart pill bottles to track & improve adherence in real time

Because GIFs lasts for eevr
What does that lunch really cost?
Presidential Motorcade Traffic Stinks.  Know when and where to avoid.
Compare Alberta's Cities to find the best one for YOU
WalkYourPlace: an urban accessibility assessment tool
Stay informed, stay alert, use Risco so you don't get hurt
Explore Alberta High School Grades at http://grades.dha.io #MakeTheGrade
Hand prosthesis, low-cost, bionic,muscle sensor v3, C++, Atmega 328,
"Play instruments using human voice"
A way for you to discover your perfect city!

Innovation, watch, blind people, technology
Better way to keep in touch with soldiers.
Manage your own health
Keeping you happy and healthy with ONE app
Host your files with friendly user interface of Windows 7 and Windows Phone!
You're not alone in this anymore
kisan is android app for indian farmers
A Web Browser for android platform which adds to the multi-functionality of users.
Keyboard at your fingertips
Do You Think You Know? Yes, You Do.
Intelligent Customer Support Help-desk.
Go for it!  MOVEiT !!!
Now FacePalm with your friends after the exam results.
A mediator to public complains.
This is Customization Cloud based Solution for Big Data and Web Service Transformation
Increase your Productivity
Socialise ! Be the hero you always wanted to be ! Its gonna be your voice and their face ! have fun ! \m/
How smooth do you drive?
Track your daily activities for living sexier
Don't miss out
Live stream your phone's screen
Supercharge Chrome with instant pageloads powered by Machine Learning
Your personal finance assistant.
Challenge Post 2015 Open Data Challenge Entry
A Quest to Mash-up Government Open Data for Insights
Geode Systems RAMADDA - Rough on the oustide but a world of crystalline delight inside
A captcha alternative, based on our most human qualities, emotion
Never sleep in again with Wakefie
Let our sentiment selfie tell you how you're *really* feeling
Greenhouse Gas Awareness web app for individuals living in Washington State
Gamify Selfies with this fun game
Movement Disorder Diagnosis System
A selfie web filter that lets you capture yourself in a Nintendo Game Boy.
Arduino Sumo Robot Battle to the Death
Built from scratch in 8.5 hours
makin a shooter game for fun
You'll never have a bad airplane neighbor again.
Submission Form w/Database
Always know when youll be home.
The Four Seasons, each with increasing tempo
Send your Geo-centric Arduino and twitter data for analysis!
Assistance anytime anywhere on a Tap
A Gateway to social and email networks
Chocollab CL Chat with Voice and Video Calls
don't be a tourist, be local
An alarm clock that informs people of your incompetence.
When you are on road,your loved ones are waiting for you at home.And we ensure you reach home safe!
Learn new things while having fun with your friends !
Diabetic Kandy let diabetics manage and instantly share their glucose readings with their doctors
New way for students to connect, study, and get tutored.
Call me maybe...
World's first #accessible audio peak-level meter using #sonification #DAW #VST #plug-in
Help deaf people to be alerted to all emergency sounds
MySupport  is the Match.com of Homecare Support

iPad app that serves as an accessible Nurse Call System in a home for people with neurological disabilities.
LOLA--Laugh Out Loud Aid: Laugh while learning goals every day
Nextgen hands-free computer access with 50+ input signals
Wearable triggers give a voice to people who have limited mobility or difficulty speaking
Beacon-based navigation for the visually impaired
A mobile application that transcribes speech into text. AVA, let's you see in realtime 'who' says 'what' around you!




It's time for some epic stereoscopic sh*t
Crowd-sourced event photos
Turn photos into calendar events
Reconnect with your memories through your photos

Interaction like you've never seen before
hide and seek moments inside real world objects
Wear your "finest" moments!
Hack The Visual submission - Pixels to Soundwaves
Map the world with your friends
Get answers to your financial questions
Interactive Gaming

Collaborative mobile app for construction professionals, home inspectors, maintenance companies, real estate owners
machine learning
Taking snapchat to a whole new wavelength ;) Thermal Imaging meets gaming and social media
Using Project Tango tablet 3D perception capability to construct 3D thermal scene
Add a budget and track your expenses while you're out. Simple, fast, user-friendly design.
Bring the heat to the game! Thermal charades at your fingertips.
Detects anomalies in blood circulation, indicating risk of diabetes, blood pressure, and arthritis
Travel Budget App

Fun and easy way to learn and exercise good finance
When saving and Investment become fun
Allows users to learn the fundamentals of investing in the U.S. Stock Market and enhance financial literacy
Lets You Control Any Electronic Device Wirelessly From Anywhere in the World
The Email Messenger
Time tasks using SMS

YikYak Meets ESPN.
Awesome t-shirts made from your team's awesome moments
Realtime sports commenting from fans to create a live streaming feed

Get notified when your favorite League of Legends eSports teams are playing directly to your phone!
SCAN a TEAM LOGO, PLAYER PHOTO or even TEAM OWNER'S PHOTO to access their social media, tickets, videos, news & more!
A Platform for Fans and teams to connect better.
Inside the mind of the player
The best way for athletes to use twitter
Easily add Text-To-Speech to your Web or Mobile App! Obama, Bush, Siri, British Man + more voices speak your message!


Speak up for Safety
Turning bystanders into upstanders!
Chime in : Its time words lead to action.
Anonymous, safe, secure digital communication management.
ReaXn enables women to react to dangerous situations in one-step via mobile devices.
Think Twice is a safe, anonymous, and non-confrontational way to alert a friend to their hostile behavior.
@Team_ChiCa: Protect your kids using your local network of mothers. Mothers connected, children protected #crowdcare
Using the pebble smartwatch to control Harman/Kardon WiFi speakers
You snooze, you lose, A way to benefit charities through sleep.

Sensational politics pocket book with EVERYTHING you need and NOTHING you don't!
Super-smart food decisions for eating out with friends

Enterprise Level PRI Capacity Monitoring and Automated DR Call Routing

Insider Threat Detection for the Masses
A co-op trust-based virtual reality game challenging the way people communicate in order to achieve a common goal.
Pattern recognition
Adaptive AI meets Behavioral Economics to prevent, treat, and predict addiction disorders.
Wellth allows providers to directly impact quality metrics they are paid on and optimizes the value of care
AdhereTech makes smart wireless pill bottles to track and improve medication adherence in real-time.
Relapse Prevention App


Top 10 most downloaded songs in every country map
There is an Octopus in my Splunk! A window into the world of Octopus Deploy

Waiting is Old school
Turn your malicious insiders into outsiders!
Never fear about a flooded basement again. Check the weather and turn on your sump pump remotely
Witty girls make great NCWIT
A VR doc navigating incarceration and injustices of New York's jail system through the eyes of one of its victims.
Outta-World Innovative Remote+Crowdsourced+Sampling Mobile App for Session Musicians

An engaging interactive web platform for aspiring and stylish young coders!
A web app for the non-profit Hope Bar to end child hunger, foster community sharing, and encourage healthy lifestyles
A quirky career path explorer to to help kids find their place in the world.
A centralized hub for all Peace Corps volunteers
Stay in touch with other women in Aspirations in Computing
Online Community to connect Girls Who Code
This application is to help inspire and inform others of the importance of the Hope Bar initiative.
Track Your Energy Demands for a Greener Tomorrow

Physically tagging the cloud

API to access data on US elections

Pass it on.

Find free, local, summer programs to help your kids "ketch-up" or simply stay busy for the summer!

Educational and fun!!!!!!! :-)
#ECPAT
Putting an end to child trafficking, one step at a time..
The world as we don't see it.
Search recalls and events on prescription drugs, food, and medical devices
Roam the world in Augmented Reality!
US Railroad accidents and injuries, visualized
Mapping >$25000 in Total Unclaimed Deposits Paid To The City Of Toronto
Mapping New York Times headlines

Artificial Intelligence for Your Home
Cheaper solution to making IoT possible

Group chat for medical professionals with patient data query built seamlessly into the chat.
Have a cosy nights sleep
Mocabell: Your Mobile Call Bell

It's CRUNCHTIME! A solution to stay awake using IoT wearbles - not drugs
Smart wearables for the visually-impaired and kids
-
Taking thermographic medical diagnostics to the third dimension
There are no stupid questions.
Whole Jobs for Whole People
Coding game for girls - Team 6
Siri controls the Weaved SmartPlug!
Take a day or night time walk on the wildlife with the Flir One
Magnifying temperature gradients. (EVM)
Aura - Marrying the beauty for online shopping and Sears' strength in physical presence
Customer engagement through meaningful charity efforts in which everybody wins.
Find home and outdoor furniture to match your open space.
Share and discover new projects (featuring Sears & Kmart products)
Vine for Unboxing Videos
Building Brand Consideration for Sears Using Games Targeted for 30 & Under
Appliance Protection Plans from Sears
arxiv.org api for scientific papers
Extract entities and relations from URL to build a knowledge graph like the ones used by Google and Facebook
Updated and detailed card data from Blizzard Entertainment's popular online card game, Hearthstone
Let a cat monitor and control your kids' screen time
Find your car on any longitude, latitude, and ALTITUDE for multistory parking lots
Take a step to somewhere nice!
Set constraints to your files and have them delete automatically.
Send SMS reminders to yourself using an API.
Your personal tag-based pinboard of addiction prevention content

A complete ecosystem of support for the formerly incarcerated, their families and the organizations that serve them.
A lifesaving tool for family and friends of those who are on Opioid medication
Opioid Overdose Prevention App
Your online library for reintegration resources.
Find the exact resource needed when dealing with an individual reintegrating into their community!
Geo locating your missed calls
Save your mobile anytime minutes!
control a robot by entering commands in twitch chat!
An innovative app that helps you find food in between you and your destination.
Helpful visualizations for Metrorail users
Am I afraid of loved ones dying in hots cars? Nope, Not If I Notify!
Website to promote litter clean up in West Africa
Helping people develop foreign language skills and pronunciation
Realtime Social Integration for Transportation Enthusiasts
No fuss document share - Easiest way to send/receive documents on the go - So simple even a kid can use

Mint for Cloud Apps
Stay connected to campus life with Campus Hub @BallState!
A Better You
The only study tool you'll ever need
Its simple and looks cool
Welcome, BCFS, Immigration, Poverty Relief, Hope, Peace, Community, Teddy Bears, Giving Back, Non-Profit, HTML, CSS
A real-time buzzer system without the messy setup
Three dimensional computer navigation - forget the mouse, use your hand! #Hamster2k15
Detecting heart irregularities in real time for dirt cheap

Local, Mobile, Social: Making the world a better place one trail at a time
Tu contra los aliens!!!
Crowdsourcing data to keep life simple
Nutrition For Young Athletes
1-Click Smart Ride
Keep your groupies happy with Groupee!

Download and send any instagram media to any platform using Send Anywhere API


Where's that thing? Well, we can map it to buildings and floor plan maps!

A small pack of happiness to brighten anyones day
Just Breathe
Together we are stronger - an app for young people with life-long or life-limiting illnesses
The fun way to get children outside, active and educated.
An app for people who use electric cars, no need to wait in any more queues!
Save time. Save money. Save the world.
Improving mobility, one step at a time.
An electrifying toy, that will help teach young children the fundamentals of circuits
quick survey for better Response
A Smart AI Assistant for IT Pros to make them look like heroes.
Revolutionising the farming routine.


Sharing is caring
Boingy boingy boingy boing
KidKeeper - Your Child's Babysitter, But Smarter!
A Secure Peer2Peer Chat Application
Image recognition resistance finder
A real-time social media sentiment analysis tool
Just take a photo of a codewords puzzle and quickly get the solution!
Destroying Dreams One Comment At A Time
Symbiotic Memory Optimizer
A web platform for designed with keyboard warriors in mind.
the wandering social weather balloon
Show your passion for cooking
Fast and Cheap delivery to your doorstep
The next facebook
Intergalactic Payments - Send your money on a cross-platform trip
Sensel integration for Blender
For the expected, unexpected and everything in between  A commitment to community.
Lightweight bitcoin interface in Cyanogenmod, powered by Blockchain.
A very British coaching and challenge platform for API integrations
Tap, swipe, and deploy! Web dev simplified down to drawing with Sensel.
A Pebble Watchface that allows you to communicate like never before.
A windows 10 app that attempts to help those diagnosed with Cerebral Palsy with their basic motor functions.
Venmo Dash is a novel web application that leverages Venmo's APIs to schedule payments and analyze your cash flows.
Immersive Wearable Gaming

Creating a more immersive and unified Android experience.
Exchanging bitcoins for code mentorship. Learn, teach, and earn away.
It's the journey that counts
StumbleUpon for productivity
A simple, lightweight, collaborative solution for solving pesky development problems right from your terminal
An easy and rewarding way to keep track of your budget--on your wrist!
Talking to yourself has never been this much fun.
Gamers Of Change - Activists of The Future
Resources for Vulnerable Communities

Detecting Inefficient Customers
Changing behavior of Residential Water Consumers

Share files from your smartwatch!
Revolutionary mobility app


Carpooling, with coffee!
Get insights in GBIF-mediated datasets with charts and metrics.

Security on board
an iOS app that lets you sync emails to SugarCRM

Hotel comfort, hostel price
App to help anyone quickly find a great weekend getaway wherever they are.
B2B platform that helps travel agents to create travel packages, include flight tickets and tours, to their costumers
Build email apps in record time without coding
A mobile platform for Samahope to help drive donations towards live-saving surgeries.
Mobile app for PhotoTherapy
Samahope iOS app
the relation between your notes and your emails is always complicated, using stickymail your note and mail become one
Mail.app, supercharged. Inbox Zero in Minutes.



A personal budgeting tool using Plaid's transaction API

MOBQI  um sistema integrado entre WEB e APPS que permitem que qualquer cidade se torne Inteligente em sua mobilidade
A field blood diagnosis tool for doctors in third world countries without access to big expensive lab equipment
Diagnose potential traumatic brain injuries quickly, cheaply, and conveniently.
Walk with confidence
Learn what guidebooks can't teach you: local customs and etiquette through your web browser and through SMS.
putting the humanity back in giving.
Fill Out Applications | Hassle Free
An actual web scale distributed database that encourages people to contribute through compensation.
Floorplan mapping using a single camera

Glasses that wake you up when you drift off to sleep.
A multiplayer mech/robots shooting game with Unity3d and EA pathfinder API. Part of Mechempire.cn
SemQuery is a search engine intended for querying codebases.
Tinder for financial advisers
Art displays using multiple water streams.
Personal Banking Assistant
uShould is a hardware/mobile app combo that helps gently remind people to do things repeatedly. One use-case: pills
An application that intelligently generates illustrations for text such as children's stories.
Our project analyzes and produces real-world data which we collect and express through platypuses.
IoT seat cover that graphically helps users correct their posture in real-time, eradicating the problem of back pain
Get where you're going, safely
Volunteer Mentoring for anyone, at anytime, anywhere.
The simplest way to search for hospitals by distance, waiting time, quality of service, and condition or illness.
Forget cloud storage - with Pickup you can leave files on your hard drive ready to be picked up anytime, anywhere
Opening up smart devices to the visually impaired
App for detecting Melanoma and Basal Cell Carcinoma using OpenCV/ML.

Snap a photo of any food and receive health insights
Uses scraped global data to visualize, pinpoint, and respond to human trafficking. Connects users to officials.
FeelVision is a cane-less navigation tool built for the blind, using Leap Motion's IR cam & Pebble's haptic feedback.
Use image recognition and natural language processing to auto-caption pictures
parsing your financial data on iOS using natural language processing
Safety for the masses

A unique Unity game using node js to bring multiple players together in an exciting soccer game!
Schedule your Uber rides ahead of time and say goodbye to requesting same rides!
Predicting expected highest value of stock for a given company three months down the line

Quick hassle-free mood and social rhythm tracking for your smartwatch!

We connect people that want food delivered with others already at nearby restaurants using the Alohar Mobile SDK
Rideshare Routing software for our next generation vehicle E3Scooter ("Easy, Efficient and Eco-Friendly Scooter")
Planning your ride through the city is a whole lot easier with TripGo!
Roll Together is a platform for crowdfunding new metro routes based on the trips people take in their car every day.
A melhor maneira de alcanar o seu destino.


Play a song based off the bpm of your headbang
A product to help you for public speaking

Track and monitor your loved ones.
combating disabilities like als and enhancing myo accessibility by optimizing thalmic myo for morse code.

Find what candidate you indentify with!
Simulacin de Prcticas de laboratorio de qumica con realidad virtual
Tower Defender AR

Education for the Future
Match with strangers and debate over your favorite topics, sing your favorite songs, or hit it off with a rap battle.
Facilitates social entrepreneurship/philanthropy by allowing users to optimize locations and short/long term costs.
Where to work? FluxDuck analyzes company reputations in the news media to help find an employer worth working for.
An internet-enabled pantry that keeps track of inventory automatically creates shopping lists
Find what your looking for, simply with a snap
Facial and vocal recognition software as part of an extended verification process
Smart window to assist you in energy savings and home safety.

String passwords suck. Biometrics are safer and faster. Dead simple Authentication.
Algorithmically generated musical literature using neural networks
making your morning easier with an optimized shower schedule...saving you time and water
It's IRC on your TV
Meet more often, no matter the distance. 'Halfway' picks the most affordable itinerary to get together.
Internet-connect water output scheduling with automatic weather compensation through weather reports and sensor data.
Faster internet through the use of free space optical communication. More security, faster speed, very innovative.

An invisible network monitoring device disguised as a traditional NIC.
App Store and IDE for SMS-based Applications. Immediately deployable on the MS Azure cloud. Snapchat, Uber and more!
A one-stop daily digest for your organization; use human commands to get a stream of tailored news articles
Casually order an Uber without losing awareness of your surroundings.
Informing and empowering Baltimore homeowners with data visualization and simplified access to tax data

Quidditch meets Rocket League
Monitor credit cards for suspicious activities after having their photos posted on social media.
Annotated meeting notes for team collaboration
Bump watches to share contact info
Baltimore safety app with Pebble integration.
Help the visually impaired by object recognition and vibration feedback to direct the hand to an object of choice.
Games. Lightning to bliss.
Connecting you to your world, one text at a time
Circular, real-time Pong powered by Gun
A program that finds cheap vacations for you and your friends.
Makes it easy for students and young professionals to decide which jobs/co ops are better for them
Tired of crunching numbers? So are we.
In life, most people try to identify themselves. In systems, we identify the unknown before it steals your identity.
Smartphone and TV app that makes elders less lonely and families much happier
Making politics more accessible, democratic, and fun
A real-life Cmd-F. Query in physical documents by taking pictures. See all matches within a whole book!
Preventing wrist injury in gamers and professionals via Apple Watch exercise training and competitive incentives.
Reminders displayed visually on a polar clock
Design custom, printable furniture from photos and images

AutiBot is a health hack capable of analyzing brain activity to detect young children's risk for developing autism.
Human Computing App that challenges us to find the best path around our city

Track your mood throughout the day with intelligent processing of your interactions with other people!
All your accounts, just a touch away.
Presentations as dynamic as you are a speaker. StreamPoint: the world's first on-the-fly presentation.
Enjoy time just driving around? Need to get home by a certain time? Set time limits and view routes with Joyride!
Ask me a Natural Language Question about the Red Cross and get a response
Superb web design geared towards airline companies who are looking to receive accurate information with ease
Find your way with music!
Your 24/7 personal financial advisor
particiPin is a collaboration tool which enables a more participatory type of interaction from the event attendees.
Find paths. Find peaks. -- Discover awesome things you never knew existed.
Don't get stuck with insane bills, let DoctorPedia find the best doctors for your insurance plan!
Android app with Pebble support to notify you when your bank account balance is low and redirect you to a nearby ATM
With a quick glance and a tap an arrow will point you to the nearest atm.
CampFire is a social media application that uses iBeacons to socialize with rooms throughout a building.

Make meeting up with your friends easier (and more fun) than ever
Gamification of e-commerce. Explore, have fun, and play games while shopping!
Data visualization for predicting epidemics based on tamiflu purchases by area.
All about RVA, told by VCU Students
Community! Community! Community! Not to forget, talk to me about available spaces. And free parking!
Need an app for random hardware sensors and age input? This app will do that, and not much more!
Who said mattresses had to make you tired? Wonderland wants you to have fun with your sleep.
The largest portable 3d printer in the market
Raccoon Challenge maps local waste production data and provides simple tasks for users to improve their environment.
Find departures times of surrounding buses and trains in an augmented reality view

The MYville mobile app gives residents and visitors of Yountville access to information via an easy to use interface.

Make looking for Food Stores that accept Women, Infants, and Children vouchers easy for anyone to access on the Web

Crowdsourced real-time transit information.
TJHSST Daily Bell Schedule Powered by Electron
Beacon-based instant info about when the bus or train get to your stop, via an app, smartwatch, or website

Quick reference tool for students and professionals in science and engineering
An indie multiplayer, arcade style aerial combat game.

Rapid, reliable, at-home infection test kits - for when you need results
Play virtual instruments in an immersive environment - complete with motion capture and virtual reality technology.<3
A better way to buy gifts for friends. Friends-sourced gift buying. Kickstarter for gift buying.
A location based app for connecting textbook buyers and sellers on college campuses.
Profanity Pig is your sidekick in ending bad swearing habits.
A way to keep precious things safe from those you intended to give it to anyway and enjoy the suffering of expectance
A fully immervise world where you battle other players from around the world, stand man standing wins

3D Blueprint Measuring & Technical Visualisation
Health and stress tracking wearable for expecting mothers in emerging and impoverished areas
Tripio, is the AirBnB to find a local travel guide.
Gamified Uber rides for you and your friends


Saving children using Wearable IOT
Sentimental analysis of Tweets in different areas in PR to see the mood in the past and present.
The van sharing platform for commute. We create crowdsourced routes, to build reliable on-demand transportation.
Your awesome daily to-do list with all your calendar events, emails and documents

Remote controlled wheelchair via Myo armband
THE way to solve the world's meter problems
Use SMS to find what you need/ask for help at your local Walmart
Automatically matching patients to clinical trials
A hamster cage you can interact with via a webpage that keeps track of a hamster's wellbeing (food, water, & health)
Waterloo's Greatest Social Engineering Game.
Your emotions at work, just like in Pixar's movie
An anti-theft system which keeps you connected with your car 24*7  and alerts  the police when someone messes with it
Communicate your Commands
A revolutionary new way to coordinate squad events with your friends!
An interactive game where a user suspends a ping-pong ball in the air by controlling a fan via LeapMotion.
Interactive chaotically generated terrain game
Make Chinese Food for Money!
Making Australian politics easy by presenting it in a visual and entertaining format.
Intelligent group playlist selection.
We crowdsource tourguides!
Simplicity in navigation, point me where to go.
3D Printed Mobile Augmented Reality for everyone, everywhere
Robot that mixes Chinese herbs according to a custom formula.
Peer to Peer Fashion Recommendation
A dashboard to manage your family's spending and to explore reward opportunities
Turn the debate into a party game: Every time Trump says something stupid, push your button, slowest person loses!
Provides safety, security and freedom for sufferers of Alzheimers disease.

An App that plans your vacation from airplane tickets to hotels and food all from a press of a button.
Interactive maps to better understand the relationship between income and geography
Your entire Steam library anytime, anywhere, on OS X
Anyone can turn their photosphere into their own Zalando VR Boutique!
Work together with others to mine bitcoin in browser and donate to charities. Cryptocurrency used for a good cause.
Cornell's Ultimate Math Course Assistant
A self-balancing robot that automatically corrects itself.

Get a quick glimpse of AEE incidents on your smartwatch.
Let citizens easily and anonymously record incidents to enable emergency responders and promote accountability
Spreads social awareness about issues in our world through captivating satellite images and statistics.
Quali is a gesture controlled driver dashboard with real-time data integration.
TRACEME transforms learning into a spatial experience through the integration of physical and virtual interfaces.
BattleBot is an augmented reality game where you shoot virtual zombies with a real robot.
LED Longboard with Bluetooth integration and an app
Helping users to quickly decide if they like a Restaurant, Hotel by analyzing user reviews automatically.
Quantifying your driving habits into a StreetCred score to let you show off how safe of a driver you are.

procedural, persistant, interactive shared state virtual coral reef, in your browser
A smarter way to save water in your household!
Dance is a fundamental way we express & socialize.We bring the joy of dancing online, with a live social dance floor

Visualizing global data through an interactive 3-D model of Earth.
CS Lectures made simple
Polling of the masses, via sms.
Are you feeling lucky?
Connecting small businesses with big dreams
Relationship trend diagnostics; use machine learning to determine mutual interest and avoid unhealthy relationships.

Basic Operations Teacher, robot that teaches kids the basics of programming through a raspberry pi robot
Help would be on its way!
Office Add-in that gives a super simple way to create dynamic video and interactives directly in PowerPoint.
Bringing the world's economics to your hand easily
It's time to remove the human error surrounding the process of timesheets.
Meet Gru.
An anonymous IM app that helps people overcome their negative emotions by talking to positive people.
Pay anything you see.
Visualize the world map according to different metrics
Helping writers and readers get insights into articles to detect biases and make informed interactions.
IOUme is a peer-to-peer small loan lending platform for CapitalOne customers.
Find upcoming cornell club meetings, study groups, and events quickly and easily
Empower users during police encounters: we collect forensic evidence and store it as shareable packets online.
Don't lose track of the night.

Our platform simplifies the donation process by using Uber.
An app that encourages people to take adventures. We use SVD+Yelp to Uber you to new places we think you'll like.
Supercharge your Facebook messenger.
Native push notifications for mobile web applications
Haptic Feedback Waist Accessory for Navigation Assistance using Proximity Sensors, GPS and Google Maps
Fli let's you have a fully immersive flying experience as the pilot from anywhere you want!
Simplistic HUD for motorcycle helmets.
AthMovil on anything Windows
PItchPal helps you overcome the fear of public speaking through practice and preparation.
Like 3D touch, hovering over an app icon on HomeScreen or a link provides quick access to popular deep linked actions
Hire The best Matched Candidates by using analytics and machine learning
Microfund your charity or campaign, completely on twitter
Financial app built to receive stock data from Bloomberg, performs real time alerts and predictions for investors

Let the imagination run wild
HackISU 2015
Hash is a secure and convenient way of doing account authentication using touch ID from your smart phone to your mac.

Platform for developers to volunteer for non-profit organizations

Set an activity zone for your kids to roam in and get notified if they leave the area.
Future of fitness is here - DSI FVRT - Virtual Reality Fitness Trainer
Accurate 3d imaging from a distance for cheap
noreply@ in e-mail communication is antiquated, with Watson and Outlook employ AI to connect instead of reject!
The 360 Periscope.
A game for people who desire to improve their math skills
We built a Bluetooth gun to play our own version of duck hunt
createAchimera is a classroom tool used to visualize the conflict resolution process for students aged K-1.
Inbox at its productive best!
You're the fan. We're the plan.
NatureCoders are little 3D printed robots bugs that teach kids in elementary and middle how to code.
Understand every acre in minutes using aerial infrared photography.
Test your sense of fashion by making choices for different occasions
Spot Me is a fitness social app with the purpose to consolidate all the main features of mainstream platforms @1place
A digital display of Clover POS menu through Android TV. Real time updates and beautiful display
What are you in the mood for?
A password manager to make the process of loging into websites easier than ever.
Finds and plays the most positive emails in your Outlook email account.
Control Wearable LEDs with Your Mind!
An interactive sign displaying data from our 3d printers
A connected car accessory camera, sensor and display that warns tailgaters.
Building Awareness
Draw for safer dialing while driving
Using HTM algorithms from NuPIC to perform automated incident detection Adelaide arterial traffic flows
Smart CO2 footprint reduction, and targeted branding platform.
Change the way you look at packages
bubble makes anyone a local broadcaster. Turn on your bubble and share anything you want via your own private WIFI.
Seamless Electronic Tticketing & Dynamic Pricing for Public Transport Networks
Hydra is a web platform to share Grasshopper and Dynamo example files!

100% more cannibalism than other games #thesharkknightrises
Web app to "trumpify" a sentence, or speech.
The coolest of the cool kids
A place to reward civil discourse and learn how to respectfully follow it (antithesis to normal Internet interaction)

The Bartender's GPS
Speech recognition data mining one laugh at a time.
A very simple security application designed to take pictures when motion is detected and upload them to the cloud.
Upgrade your game into the digital world and store your game for future reference and analysis.
Transcribes and disseminates public safety transmissions in real time.
Trace is a website that traces a route that spells out a word the user inputs.
Interactive wishlist comparing item prices to historical averages on eBay and recommending purchase options.
Our app detects if the pedestrian light is green or not and displays the information to the user.
A fitness game that explores the world with you
Virtual, collaborative, work-space environment
Turn your phone into everything you've ever wanted
The smartest cup brings fun real-time interactions for drinkers. Our cup creates more business potentials for bars.
A distributed data platform that relays analytical data for clients and consumers.
Budget Bear recommends one focus for you to advance your financial goals
CoWork24 brings busy people together at a casual self-created coworking space anywhere on demand
don't miss out on the next big thing
making alternative traveling routes visible, including an amazing gamification approach
sentiment analysis + contextual assistance + computer vision + packed through youtube videos
PackMon is a Shipment Monitoring Soltion for Your Customer's Precious Cargo
Map the best place to hail a taxi  without machine learning

Photos in the Language You're Learning
Improving intra-company travels transportation
A music discovery app that allows you to discover music faster.
The Keurig Machine lives. And now it can fill cups of coffee from across the room!
DIsplays data on vehicle collision in nyc based on location and gives statistics
Find directions, the weather, or an uber all without data.
An augmented reality application to provide a 3D projection of something when 2D just isn't enough
An even faster way to rate places!
a central information portal for hackers to receive the latest updates at hackathons
A game for friends limited only by your imagination or artistic ability
It's the new fancy.
A method for New York Citizens to report water quality issues.
DJ and dance at a virtual dance party
The solution to all the complexity of human interaction.
Have you ever wondered where your favourite Hollywood moments took place? Lights, Camera, Location is made for you!
Put two people into a call unknowingly! Record the results!

Draft beer on the consumers tap - unlock the tap for yourself or the whole bar!


Clarifai API + popular Imgur images + jokes
Putting your finances into Perspective.
This is an okay game hosted on an okay website. Great for people of all ages to play for 10 minutes and get educated.
It drives user interaction through education by showing them how to improve their current financial situation.
Quickly access NIST chemical species data with the tap of an NFC tag.

Find out about the elemental matters of our world with ChemBook!
Others are going cloudwe're taking our top web-based add-on to OnPrem with cutting edge functionality in Confluence
A realtime voting based application that plays song based on number of votes received
Doze off minus your phone drinking up battery or you getting lost! And let your phone be smart location wise
Send mass SMS reminders to your customers quickly!
docQR allows Revit-created 2D views to be turned into 3D sections, using a QR reader on a mobile device
Enabling 3d models to communicate to project teams via Slack
Hiding technology from children's eyes to make learning magical!
Improving Search Criteria, UI, optimizing search, adding and managing contents, working with drupal themes
HeroUs is focused on the support between citizens creating a responsable and caring social network.
Services for seniors made easy

A simple yet capable tool for staying in touch with seniors
Web app empowering patients by cross-referencing potential violations in their prescription medications
Improve team's effectiveness and efficiency by analyzing project history
Helping low income populations with food planning
Every drop counts...
Finally Schedule that Meal!
An multiplayer Pod Racing game using the Occulus Rift and Project Tango
An epic 3D adventure...
A text-based service matching donors of medical equipment with receiving hospitals in the developing world
Jfcrypt is a small, fast file encryption utility for Unix written in C.
A flood monitoring network based on data from wifi-enabled sensors
An n-body simulation with attractive and colliding interactions, using the Sensel Morph for intuitive interfacing.
Aplicacin Educativa de interaccin con "hardware".
Brainstorming on the go!
Allows users to review and report transactions easily to decrease credit card fraud.
Real time beats and speech driven by ambient wireless traffic and social media content. beatr.org

A Myo motion controlled pinball game from the perspective of the pinball
LeapMed was created to solve the problem of inconvenient physical therapy in a fun and innovative way!
Give yourself an incentive to run! The more calories you burn,the more money you transfer into your spending account.
Catch Tibial Pseudoarthrosis Easily.
Ever lost track of time while giving a presentation? Our Pebble app will help you stay on track.
In a hurry? Need food now?
Local spontaneous activities that anyone can create or join - meet new people, and live like you mean it
A mobile application that helps you manage your recurring payments
We built a music graph using topic modeling (LDA). We use the graph to discover music and generate novel playlists.
Well-Versed is a chrome extension that provides users with summaries and news items for purposeful educated comments.
Sleep on your terms. Stay awake, even when you're tired.
Using the Bloomberg Data and Google Prediction API to tell you the best place to put your money
Likes Instagram posts for users based on their facial expressions
Race with people anywhere in the world and running will never be boring again!
Create a portable device capable of detecting DVT
Pulls together articles from top news sites across the web and builds a single cohesive summary.
image-based search for Bhance
RUCatastrophic Checks Rutgers Operational Status in Real Time So You Can Know Before You Go
Cubey's Dungeon is a multiplayer game in which one player plays Dungeon Master and one player navigates the dungeon.
Strum is a guitar application for the Sensel Morph
Streak pays you for being healthy. The longer you log, the better the reward!
Post-Op Management
A cloud connected portable lab facility!

Study session web app + Pebble Smart Watch
Kids can't Bear a life without Kare
Simplifies the connection between listeners and a DJ with song requests and playlists taken care of
Aifred is a personal assistant that makes you coffee and algorithmically notifies you of meetings or classes!
Graphical representation of the budget and money flows for the city of New Brunswick, NJ.
Get realtime feedback from your tennis racket about your strokes using a Pebble smartwatch
A diagnostic aid (with therapy) for the rare disease
An ASL (American Sign Language) interpreter
A medical game for kids fighting challenges we could never imagine.
A Call from Trump is a data driven speech generator from the controversial lips of Donald J. Trump
Allows users to gesture letters and communicate in a novel way! Myo drawing are transcribed and then mailed/texted.
Streaming on a server to decrease download and buffering times
EMR Application for patients and doctors
We make standard gym machines smarter by tracking your workout automatically
Destroy asteroids with your own hands...
A new way to diagnose comparment syndrome
Personalized, data-driven substance and process addiction treatment in your pocket.
A smart personalized keyboard that conforms to your typing style
controlling everything by internet in a really easy way
random songs
Plataforma digital que ofrece propuestas de valor de conveniencia a usuarios y concesionarios de peseros
Gamifying the conservation of water as an individual and as a community through an IOT enabled device.
learn pseudo code
D-SiGN is a Weareable ASL to speech.
Crea Zonas de Msica, la gente cercana podr votar por sus canciones favoritas en tu lista de Spotify y escucharlas
Sharing, made one swipe away.
The Only Deal You Can Find Is The Best Deal #Sharing Is Saving
Eliminating accidents caused by sleepy truck drivers. Creating a safer environment on the roads
Take a picture of your face, or hand and the app will give you all the sephora products that match your skin color.
Pen Pal finds the user farthest in location from you with the most similar interests, allowing you to bridge gaps.
A personal assistant to find out your next flight just in time.
A Music Sequencer for visually impaired people
Swipelessly tap and pay at any credit card terminal - no NFC required! #flux #electromagnets #shouldhavetakenphysics
custom cocktail machine that generates different gin & fizzes based off varying audio frequency when playing music
Personal statements are stressful, two essays decide where students spend their next four years, we want to help them
stay aware, anywhere.
Stay connected with loved ones and your community in times of a disaster
Our virtual reality enabled interactive global analytics solution allows users to engage visually with city data.
We won the Qualcomm prize.

A iOS application that allows citizens in European Countries to host Syrian Refugees as they are fleeing war
An algorithm that can detect whether a signature is forged using fractal dimension analysis
A VR app to experience campus activities. Figure out which of the hundreds of student groups is best for you.
Facebook needs more cats
The perfect chat client for Haiku lovers everywhere!
A scale that makes you feel bad
Augmented reality application for education and sts purposes.
It's tinder, but for jam
Custom

Conspiracies can't melt steel beams!
ECG Anomaly Detection System using HTM
have you ever wanted a bunch of spam messages with a terrible UI? Here it is!

generates haikus randomly
Smart shopping list app that learns your habits and saves time on your shopping trips
A JIRA Integrated Mobile Application for Interactive Agile Estimation and Planning

Track your team in the field at a disaster site with only smartphones
HomeSense is a web application that allows users to add groups and sensors, and monitor the status of the sensors.

Air traffic anomaly detector

Should connected homes live in isolation? Leverage the power of connected communities with the ConnectedCommunity app
An app that matches students, through a survey, to classes in their school based on their interests.

Helping deliver relevant info  to people in need such as assistance with food, shelter, and family needs
Learning how you live and finding ways to use that data

Innovative crowdfunding tool that's easy to use for any NPO.
Here's the next step to change the country
Creating your future by presenting your present
Mobile app base
It is an Application that helps people to post/search lost pets, seek expert advice, find local vets

We provide novel technology to help your elderly loved ones detect heatstroke immediately and contact emergency.

A virtual wardrobe. Infinite elegance, one dress at a time.
We recommend restaurants based on your transaction location history.
Disorganization and miscommunication ruining your night? Press the button and get the party started!
Friski is Tindr for cats
First person pac-man on the rift. For KHE 2015
Open source cluster computing platform written in Java.
Visible light communication by taking advantage of an iPhone camera's rolling shutter.
Collaboration done right.
Browse Wikipedia with Intelligence
Columns & buckets lets you connect any data source to a variety of analyses by dragging columns into buckets
A facial recognition system that grabs user data from Facebook and displays their information in the camera
Watch bands made out of normally not bendable material.
Rap Battle Analysis Software
Enhancing the college search and admission experience by connecting high school students with real student mentors
We build an iOS app, CrowdFood, which allows users to share and view waiting time of restaurants.
The Pebble watch acts as a remote for presentation slides and game controls within the Oculus Rift.
Don't like the price? Match it with the Match It app.
HackNC project. A simple personal finance management application. We utilize the Capital One API.
A program that takes tract data from the census and produces heat maps to show how safe the area is.
It's nice to meet you!
Google street view for your life
We taught a amazon echo how to use Twitter
A web app that allows for simple and efficient sharing of large self-storage units with built-in secure transactions
Generates the tweets and the sentiment for the search value using bluemix twitter insights
A fun little demographic map game to spread awareness and help a cause
A literal sandbox controlling a sandbox video game
The safest way to walk at night!
A "message in a bottle" application that lets you send text and photos
To all the drunk texters, to all the impulsive tweeters, to all the Donald Trumps, we got your back.
Store and retrieve your stuff on demand (within one hour) without worrying about the hassle of buying storage space.
anonymous bitcoin community - track and bump transactions
Getting you places safely and securely
Visualize the news over both geography and time.
You want a good deal on used items now, and you want them delivered straight to your couch.

Quantifying Impact
RiderWay is a web based platform for skaters and cyclist to exchange best rider path information
Triton is a cloud platform to build, visualize, and deploy scalable, robust, and extensible cloud architectures.
iOS app for ordering deliveries from friends via Postmates. Uses Blockchain and Onename for sending bitcoin payments
Access the internet, without needing the internet.
The trash can that recycles for you!
Machine learning driven embedded system built on Intel Edison w/accelerometer, EMG, and other sensors
Parking System for cities, using sms.
Collaborate on Confluence then publish to super fast Amazon AWS for public access and pretty URLs


Write the numbers with the finger and play 4by4 Sudoku on your mobile.
Context-Aware smart companion app which can trigger alarms, change profiles,block calls,control smart home appliances
A highly engaging iOS & Android application for sharing the experiences you love and discovering your next adventure.
Your paycheck. On demand.
Heart rate analyzer
A heavily guarded fortress, a friend in trouble, and a lone hero with an exploding sword!

Present any Confluence page effortlessly and directly in your Browser
Take your avatar into the real world - pose, select Instagram filter and take pictures to post to feed!
3 - Challenge your friends 2 - Make your way 1 - Take em out GO!
Meet up with friends painlessly by sharing snapshots of your location.
Fashion Fu - a Fashion Show game for IMVU avatars
Post and view anonymous photos of your last 72 hours
Have a break, have a GitKat. Have code from github automatically updated in your word document.

Get away from all distractions while driving.
What if you could experience art with your friends in a way that
The VR Social Destination! Meet new people, connect with friends, talk face-to-face, customize your avatar with IMVU!
Multiplayer Procedural Sidescroller
Save the world with your friends from the robot attack on Liberty Spaceship
The glamorous adventures of a fresh faced beauty as she rises from Miss City to the bright lights of Miss Enigma.
Dance with your character on your phone and be the best on all the dance floors
We took all the goodness of Bomberman, updated it to use today's web standards. Then we added portals.
UndiVolt is an app which finds the nearest power sockets. The sockets map is built by users for users, crowdsourcing.
lynchpin for every kind of content recommended by your friends
A Swiss army knife for your phone!
An insane Halloween audio-visual entertainment system in a nutshell
Common service for centralizing databases for Ambari components to facilitate database management
A Cassandra service definition for use within Apache Ambari

Deploy services hosted on GitHub to any Ambari 2.X Distribution
To keep you and your family safe
Instant messenger transmitting messages via pulses of laser light.
A command-line interface for braintree and an Office integration from Braintree. Geeks & Nerds Welcome ;)
Scratch for IoT
See a map of your friends' hometowns!
Manage a databsse loop from socrata to bluemix
supporting visually impaired people
we want you to save money
Pokemon Showdown on the go -- for your Pebble watch or for your Android phone
Splitting the cost in a picture or less
A smart fridge tracker
you never have to queue for the toilet again
Locket is cloudless service to sync your health data.
Machine Learning algorithms implemented from ground up for you to have fun with on your data!
Poker on your TV
Save college students money by connecting students selling their old textbooks to students searching for textbooks.

We give people coupons they actually want using iBeacons


Using Amazon Echo to keep track of your medicines
The hidden forum of the web.
Project Green Light is a social initialtive which helps people connect more easily using a simple lighting system.
Mentorship & Consulting from the YC community
Prompt is an application for sharing and journaling your thoughts through short video clips.
How often do you pass your friends on campus without seeing them?

Skyttle uses facial recognition to track where a person's mouth is and shoot candy into it
Use advanced analytics to understand and predict crime in Chicago, IL
Two Cards make it way too easy to split the bill with a friend at Walmart stores.
You're Pacman, eat candies, watchout for ghosts

All the functionality of the cloud with the convenience and intuitive design of a whiteboard.
an idea box
Una aplicacin de reportes ciudadanos que dejen marca en el mapa.
#HackColima
Una App para personas especiales que son incapaces de usar el transporte publico.
You give us politics, we tell you how much of it is BS
Facial recognition metrics to rank a driver's awareness and inspire safe driving habits.
Intuitively decode sign language using the Leap Motion and , and speak it!
Watch YouTube together with others and vote and submit what you want to watch next
A website for whenever you want to be a poetic hipster, but are a human being.
Design your wardrobe
SoundVane gives an aggregated, intelligently sorted list of music recommendations from any SoundCloud profile or set.
Analyze your latest behaviour, habits, or trends. Automatically.
A programming language for kids, easy to use and effective to learn from.
The hardest part of posting a photo is always coming up with a caption. CapThat is here to help!
Distribute docker containers as tasks over AWS Spot Instances for the best price and performance
What keys of the piano one needs to press (and how fast) for the resulting sound to be an English sentence
A sandbox for building complex logic gate contraptions!


Easily view your 2D and 3D models, geographic data structures, PDF and CSV files directly on Bitbucket pages
Desktop Productivity on your iPad
To be the fastest and easiest way to keep organized the flow of information between community residents.
mobile application for carpool

,       .      .
community awareness & crime prevention
Snapworks is a mobile platform for crowdsourcing issues to report to municipal DPW and volunteers to fix the issues.
An easy and quick way to unsubscribe from annoying newsletters.
Delorean tech support straight from your inbox
Convert Word documents to Markdown format on the fly
Share location and conversation among a trusted and dispersed group of friends.
Educational app that helps you solve math problems by handwriting them like you would on a piece of paper.

Harness the power of data to feed the world
Maximizing farming profit encourages sustainable practices. What's your bottom line?
An iOS and Pebble app to help keep you on track
we aim to make to the hassle of "going" easier and a more fun and social experience for the masses.
,
Improve your grammar by recording your conversations - and receive helpful grammar tips later on your mobile phone.
Telegram bot issuing near-term aurora borealis alerts for requested location.

A smart way to refresh your knowledge on a topic
Unity and Leap Motion game to help students learn how to plot graphs
An Intelligent IoE Application based on Whispir,Alohar and IBM Api to provide instant relief and save precious life
Remove hesitations in your speech and get feedback for the speech from others!
write words in the air.
Vulcan Learning for Humans - An Exclusive Personal Learning Club
La mejor ruta para tu destino
Back to Home es un sistema de seguridad enfocado a vehculos a motor
Una plataforma donde la comunidad puede participar en la solucin de problemas con responsabilidad social
Herramienta que acerca a la comunidad a un crdito financiero
INNOVANDO,CRECIENDO Y DESARROLLANDO POR TU SEGURIDAD
PaCo wants to generate sovereignty of mobility
Trail to Continuous Integration and Delivery
Automating AMI updates onto AWS CF in a cool fashion.. and yes we have some surprises ...
Automating the deployment of microservices into a AWS elastic container service
Imagine being able to share your chegg shopping list with anyone in the whole world and then get to checkout
Spare some change, for change. Automate donations and gamify elements to show users making a real difference.

we are building a wearable device that teaches beginner surfers when to stand up
The Netfridge allows refrigerators to provide grid services and minimize carbon using LMP, WattTime, and FlexBox data
Travel, Guide, Voice-tags, geolocation, excursion, mobile, web
Multidimensional visualization tool for more equitable water usage and decision making in California
A cookiest variometer for paraglinders with sound communicates
Visualize global energy patterns over time and how we can simplify them
Automatic coilgun platform.
A party registration web application for Off Campus Student Services
Individuals can determine eligibility thereby reducing the number of initial contacts to Legal Aid staff.
Never worry about coming up with yo mama jokes at parties again!
A personalized birthday website
We offer education about computer security through fun hands on examples of hacking.

Using cheap text communication to further education!
easily find students in the same class
Live subtitles for lectures

Explore the inner workings of a cell like never before... with Virtual Reality!

Improve your mental agility with DailEQs
A DJ system using the MYO band.

Capture, organize, and share your dream visions.
College Counseling at your Fingertips
The Uber For Tutors
Handshakes taken to a new level! Starting at a new school and remembering everyone's name has never been easier.
Query revolutionizes the way teachers teach and students learn.
A crash safety mobile app that detects vehicle impact and signals for help
Solaropia is a web service to help homeowners calculate the solar potential of their residence.
A math game targeted towards children / young students using real prices and products from Target.com
theres a lot of chairs
An application that generates a Spotify playlist based off of various inputs like keywords or photos.
A helmet with the ability to assist in bike navigation and text an emergency contact in the event of a collision.

Challenge yourself on how many songs you know
one click solution to present, record, transcribe and share presentations and lessons.
wikiHow for Pebble through voice recognition!
#Estimote #android #pet #arcade #game

Wellness for the ones you care about
,  ,  .
rwnomierne dozowanie jednorodnej substancji ciekej do naczy niepoczonych

Predictive modeling to find the best place to sit to catch a ball
Quickly determine damage on cars using clarifai. This could be used in multiple applications. in this case, selling.
It's a patient monitoring system that connects to an iPhone application that analyzes, logs, and
Picky is the web app which helps find you a restaurant that you want by knowing what you don't want
Find good prices to buy books and sell them, all in the same place. Get updated on books' popularity and price stats.
Network with the Like-Minded
Basically American Karaoke
Machine learning algorithm to take low-fidelity audio and scale it to high-fidelity audio
- ,
The Autonomous Drag-Racer
Party smarter by registering your party and get warnings if neighbors have made noise complaints
you get to collect sages which in return you use to battle other sages and embark on quests
The game of guns, and strategy, but mostly guns.
Help for epileptics
A platform that enables people to book spaces in local school and support them
A fully tracked and immersive virtual reality bicycle simulation.
It hosts a game with chat capacities.
Online web scheduler with texting support
A ticket aggregator site for secondhand ticket sellers and buyers
A glove that allows you to experience in real life objects you encounter in digital space
A balancing game using the Myo sensor.
Twist to call - Flick to send location - Quick save in case of emergency
It's a culmination of tools designed to make access to legal services easier, understandable, and manageable.
Empowers North Carolina's migrant farmworkers to know their rights and connect with Legal Aid of N.C. if needed.
The low cost future of VR gaming!
Remove the need to tap on the screen to play flappy bird and do so with only your eyes
Slack for people who don't have access to the web or a smartphone
Security Made Simple
Get as many rings as you can before you die!
Crowdsourced community improvement
An app that prevents you from wasting extra food by giving you great recipes.
Reimagining online advertisement by implementing an online ad platform to redirect ad revenue to charity.
Enhanced communication for education sector.
Save Water Save Earth Save Money
Wakes you up so that you won't miss your bus stop.

Empowering tenants to understand their rights.
The Contract Comparison Tool allows user to compare contracts of the same type section by section.
One Stop Shop For All Affordable Housing
A template generator that utilizes conceptual searching of a database of documents to find the best starting draft.
A fully immersive, mobile story application that redefines your adventures.
Interactive map of relative graduation rates plus an analysis of how school size impacts graduation rates.

Visualizing agricultural statistics of major crops in the United States
The power of handwriting to control your devices

With TeXscribe, writing math in LaTeX is as easy as writing it by hand.
Find the best crops for your farm by browsing nearby crops, trends, and prices.
Voice communication system for multiple devices with translation to 41 languages
USDA Data on your fingertips, for a Sustainable Tomorrow!
What's Local?--A Visualization Tool For Exploring Agricultural Production & Resource Expenses Near U.S. Urban Areas
View clothing worn on TV in real time on your phone!
How to make TV more inclusive to the visually Impaired?
Tablet Teacher - The easiest way to transition your classroom to digital.
The fastest way to launching your apps & call your favorite contacts
A dynamic and responsive web app to extrapolate, crowd source, cross-reference, and visualize agricultural data sets
Draw shapes freely and get elegant charts
An Education app for kids using hand written recognition

A simple, creative, and smart tool to create any flashcard to study anything.
The numbers and letters puzzles game
DJ Guru has the most innovative and simple way of teaching anyone to be a DJ
Challenge your spelling and handwriting skills
draw shapes to get it recognized
Proven Method to train your brain and improve your memory capability
Handwriting increases memorization by 30%. We leverage that to improve mobile assessment tools for education sector.
Reduce traffic, saves time and contaminates less. Quick hand-over of kids to their parents at the end of school day
Smart sports visual analysis for Coaches and Players.
Create smart and interactive group card for any occasions
Interactive Handwriting Dictionary with Lexicon Word Network Graph
easily compose and write down music on tablets with touch input
See your HTM run.
Enter a phone number and Nexmo will call using the Voice API
FinishDrawing.com celebrates the spontaneity of creativity. You have 20 seconds to finish a drawing. Are you ready?
A cloud music solution for listeners who want to own their library. Your library in its original format, anywhere.
A home screen launcher that displays apps based on user's context.
With full phone and voice-mail support directly in HipChat, your team will never miss an important customer call.
A Word a day can improve your vocabulary

Ink based Mind Maps for you and your team
easy and simple system for get victim's requirements via phone
Survivor finding system for people/animals.
Help citizens evacuate in disaster by sending SMS including Evacuation Map + Help Desk Number for any mobile types
bring back the excitement of shopping
Visualize your way towards a happy shopping
An eye for the blind

shopping
Use 32 moves to change all squares to the same color! Colores - A HTML5 Tizen game.
Sleeping Position Diagnosis that can learn from your sleeping patterns and tell you if you have any health risk.
We don't know the meaning of Lost, we want to set up an easy way for people to notify
A mobile personal assistant that just knows everything.

Car Sharing with persons of your same university or company!
Get off my turf! Compete and earn turf through some rigorous running!
Quick and easy way to compare brands, orgs and companies.
Our plotter is a low energy alternative to the excessive monitors financial companies use to display market data
Tinder for friendship
Users can collaboratively create a Halloween Story through SMS.
Sentiment-based result when googling
Oculus Rift + Duel Disk + Unity3D + RFID/NFC Arduino Reader
We provide modern medical information and informatics to internet deserts by simple communication over the phone.
Get directions without a data plan
Giving people a voice, the voice they never had, delivering the posibility of being listened.
Imagina un juego que contribuya a crear conciencia del cuidado del planeta
Juego para ayudar a mejorar las capacidades motoras de personas con discapacidad motriz en extremidades superior.
Escuradron sobre elementos que componen el sistema inmunologico explica el funcionamiento de cada uno en cada nivel


Optimizing shipping supplies by effective communication between the stakeholders
Scheduled and location based messaging platform for event organizers towards eco-friendly and trash free events
Wishpir App is standalone application to demonstrate the API's. To test their connectivity without any support.
InstantCall is Call System for shelters.
Worklife helps teams run highly effective meetings.
Teach, Train or Collaborate with ease with our Virtual Classrooms
Create interactive sketches and app prototypes in minutes with your pen !
Great interactive story with pen characters coming to life !
Easy and optimized scheduling for assignments and events
Analyze all the travel content
Buying your favorite items has never been easier!
Have bad posture? Help your friends help you!
It's a metronome that blinks an LED at a tunable BPM, and displays the BPM in binary on other LEDs
This wrist watch is sleek, sexy, and a stylish alternative to traditional watches, unlike almost anything before it.
Stay safe and stave off potentially harmful foods with Nectr a Marvin Gardens hack.
Ever wanted real-life subtitles when hanging out with your multi-lingual friends? Now you can!
I wonder where my baseball bat is lying...?
A game that allows you to realistically take care of plants...with a twist!
Text to Images!
An app for housing justice.
This app makes the Mount Hokyoke campus accessible for the visually impaired by telling them their location

A mobile app enabling people to fill out court forms by speaking and producing a properly formatted court document.
It's a surprise :v
Awesome
Creado a partir de una idea conjunta de ayudar al sector salud incentivando a la sociedad a donar sus organos
A free online curriculum platform for social studies teachers aimed at providing instruction in legal rights
Your hand-held, heads-up display for the world.
A mobile-responsive webpage for volunteer lawyers to send self-help resources to clients.
A smarter, cleaner way to book flights and discover last minute getaway packages.
Visualize Rhymes in Raps

A solution for commutation problems for veterans
Curated approach to turn buying and discovery into a fun, positive experience. Inspired by hassle of buying airfare.
Automated resume parsing, with a web console that allows recruiters to filter and rank their applicants
Framework for API-based slack integrations
Encrypted communications over Software Defined Radio with Speech to Text integration
A website to implement JetBlue's Infinite Scrolling flight-picker service.
Crowdsourcing food and supplies for low-income households
providing smart logging and data analytics for food banks
You ever stuck in a boring meeting, and just want to gtfo? Well, now you can with just a push of the button

Real-time phone call translator
An app that helps you analyze, maintain and enhance your daily routines
An augmented reality viewer that highlights locations of significance
A better way to interact with computers with the sense of touch!
Take charge of your sexual health within the privacy of your own home
We developed an enhanced VR dueling game in which your body is physically present in the virtual world.
Bing anything through text SMS, or alternatively search for cheap hotel deals for your next vacation.
Predicting where a foul ball will land using data analysis
An AR social assistant that remembers faces and displays information about the people you talk to.
Web port of hidden traitor party game.
Long ER wait times threaten lives. VitalTimes helps patients beat the lines and hospitals provide effective care.
An extension for wearables to empower the consumer to have rapid access to affordable flights and easy travel.
Get notified of free food on campus before you even knew you were hungry
A simple vacation planner for group travel
The only taxi app you'll need!
JetBlue Flight Deals Hack from YHack 2015
A hubble of relevant information for those who have served in the armed forces.
Combining the ease of Excel with the power of Python and D3
Connecting you to your next Job
Tagcloud visualization of Edgar data based on relation to topics.
Location Based Story Telling
Speed reading tools are hugely useful, but you can't use them on real books. But now with Reedr, you can.
Exploring short stocks with visualization and data science
GOTTA_GUIDE?  uma plataforma Web Mobile destinada a oferecer servios de receptivo ao passageiro comprador online
Finally enjoy planning your trip!
es un juego adictivo
Every time you purchase an item, you have the opportunity to give a little back to the community.
SPOTNDROP is a location-based social network which connects users via categorized feeds based on location.

Generates an hour by hour view and shows the locations of all the classes from a your raw GROWL schedule.
Takes notes so you don't have to.
Crowdsourcing the protection and health of our environment
Analyze speech inputs and determine if the speaker is feeling drowsy or intoxicated
Changing the world with each credit card swipe
An app to help visually-impaired people navigate easily through unfamiliar buidlings
Using the Oculus Rift, we created a diagnostic tool to evaluate children for ADHD.
Learning vocab takes a lot of time focused in a single session. Instead, learn throughout the day with a smartwatch.
Connecting pickers to cans
Application that intelligently tracks and predicts driving, records your carbon footprint, and suggests alternatives
We bring fun to safety. Our safety lighting is fun, interactive, and easy to use.
Helping fundraising and helping you get what you want!
Want to connect with people on same level as LinkedIn with a real-time social interface like Facebook? Biz-E-Bodies.
A 2 wheeled robot that self balances, built entirely out of 3D printed parts!
With hardware and software implementation, students can recycle and receive rewards. Check out http://rcycleucr.me
Telemetry for Dogs
Take control on your workflow using only your hands to manipulate data & Motion Control Greeter
A data-driven E-PASS solution helping reduce the traffic and supplying drivers with predicted traffic and travel time
Quickly add Delve tags to your documents you are currently working with. Never leave the flow!
Allows friends to record group orders of coffee
manage  urgent status information that is sent to a company from Colleague.
Mobilize is a Disaster Relief and Recovery Notification System.
My idea is for searching survivors who can't connect to the internet during a disaster.
Disaster relief for the people, by the people
Using IoT and Cloud data for Rescue
Returns a list of disasters whose descriptions conceptually related to a description in search in different degrees
An app to alert first responders about the situation at disaster site.
Machine Learning based People Finding
Where the impact of humanitarianism meets the convenience of a tweet
Adding captions to project image galleries on Devpost
See all the hackathons
Development of a statewide dropbox that houses student records, eliminating missed time when students transfer.
Embeddable hacker cards using the Unofficial Devpost API
A smart to-do note that know when to remind your task automatically.
Helping you invest.
The mobile meeting engagement tool
Computer Vision & Machine Learning Application for the Fast Diagnosis of Skin Conditions

Find empty rooms at uni!
Where should we go to eat? Let's check!
Your hand is the mouse
iOS/Android app for burn diagnostics & novel injury progression analytics using FLIR imaging
Ensure safe driving by creating a warning mechanism for sleepy drivers.
Personal Automated Networked Drug Assistant
Shop lots, shop smart!
Take back your airspace
We developed a parallel n-body simulationthink galaxy simulationfrom scratch and deployed it in the cloud.
Lazy Chef is GPS for the kitchen, and more broadly, a task and resource allocation optimizer.

Intruder Compliance Undertaker - the next revolution of artificial security!
Spice up your photos by using our photo application that detects the emotional state you are in and adds extra fun!
Virtual Reality experience designed to spread awareness about ocean pollution.
The 2016 election isn't outlandish enough? We've got you covered.

Protect the voiceless one image at a time
P-Auth is a Low-Bandwidth Photo-Resistent Online Authentication Scheme
An Amazon Echo app that lists fun events happening near you and books an Uber ride to take you there.
Bringing diversity to your search in #realtime
Securely and seamlessly hiding sensitive personal information in plain sight.
Crowd fund small chores using an inverted kickstarter system with bitcoin
Data Visualization to see current and to project future tuition costs for all American universities.

A watchapp for Pebble smartwatch and sensors that help you WatchOut for your safety
Hsuehshan Tunnel Traffic Status Forecast APP
The Seisir app can detect seizures using a Microsoft Band. Life-threatening events trigger notifications to get help.
We grab the vibrational energy given off by a device so that it can charge itself. Yea, it's awesome.

Filters out your network mot disgruntled employees, hackers, and shoulder surfers.
A Google Cardboard AR tool for designers to see how their work affects people with vision impairments.
Autonomous AI haikuist that could write about what it sees.
A 4 wheels robotic car with a camera controlled by a Myo
Never forget a face.
An apple TV application where the user controls video and audio distortions
Node-based application UI using gestures from a leap motion, similar to an android lockscreen
satiate the wanderlust, the world is coming to you!
Protecting the past, securing the future!
An iOS app that revolutionizes safety, allowing for instant notifications and responses to disasters
Protecting Your Privacy
A perfect solution to improving fire fighter safety.
Where ideas take off


A new way to compose music without the use of instruments or papers. This is the edition for drum kit.
Realtime speech analysis.
Just as Netflix recommends movies you would like to watch, Prophit recommends stores customers would like to try.
A language for writing scripts on your phone
A gist engine that curates articles, descriptions, and tweets that allows you to jump into any conversation!
Global Symptom Exploration Using Machine Learning and Data Visualization

A sentiment analysis of the Yelp review and rating
Smart notification display that utilizes machine learning and cross platform integration

Use your eyes to navigate a maze, without lifting a finger
A 3D printed map based on a set of geotagged images, with a QR code linked to external image hosting.
Pandoc for data
Uniting students through Education live stream
Interact on a virtual plane
Don't be a horse. Be a unicorn. Aim for the ~*~STARS~*~ horn-first and complete ~fun~ community-boosting /missions/.
Have you ever wanted to rate goats? Now you can. Introducing: GOATHUB. Think GitHub.... yeah, it's nothing like that.
Provide your students with more personalized classroom assignments
Use Twitter Personality to analyze a user's tweets
Display your Devpost portfolio anywhere
Actionable recommendations to increase graduation rate using machine learning along with interactive visualizations
To bridge the gap between statistics and decision making by developing a tool that predicted graduation rates.

Hsuehshan Tunnel Traffic Transformer-The Pioneers of 4G Technology and Big Data
An app provides alternative route recommendations and speed recommendation in the tunnel.
Breeze whispers next to your ears
1 click no sick
A foreign accent correction app.
Thermographic Fitness and Muscle Analyser
Optimize with Sixth Sense
Work Out with the Sixth Sense
Your interface to wotz on locally
Extend internet or local area networks into areas where infrastructure is not available
this game is like a five way scissors paper rock.
an attempt to discover the kinects capacity to scan in 3d

Advanced radar data, satellite imagery, temperature, wind, and at-a-glance forecasts for Apple TV.
This ain't your grandpa's doorbell.
Find teammates for a project with simple and elegant web app.
Augmented Reality Scavenger Hunt
A put/call parity arbitrage program
A crowd-sourced university tour guide.
techies united!
We capture beautiful everyday moments by printing and shipping your pictures with the click of a button.
stem league
LogBlocks lets you visualize your application interactions in 3D, by rendering your traffic data using the Oculus
Easily keep track of your spending for you!
Call me on your payphone, late night when you need a home
Visualizations to show that the world is a much better place than it has ever been.
This app lets people be both independent and safe by calling an emergency contact if a person falls and gets hurt.
Accessible Data Visualizations for the Blind Community
Open Kitchen allows you to feed the hungry with your leftover meals.
A Free Public Repository of High Quality Stock Photos Licensed to Use for Any Purpose
A fast and easy way to print posters from any image you see on the web.
Print, view and share photos in a easy to use interface
PhotoMate prints pictures at your local Walgreens and delivers them to your door so you can get on with your life.
A peer to peer microlending platform
Procedurally generated music with original rhythms and melodies
Password typing Anomaly Detection ( no can type in your password like you do it )


Language Modeling is used to analyze what people are thinking about on certain topics.



A progressive learning game targeted to patients suffering from Parkinsons
Wife for Wealth Family
Aspirasi masyarakat secara real-time dengan aplikasi berbasis GPS mapping tentang pencemaran dan ketersediaan air
Kami mengajak perempuan indonesia utk menciptakan ide-ide kreatif dlm membuat hasta karya yg akan didukung oleh EMAK
Data visualisation can help government prioritize development plans to reduce child mortality
Technology For The Woman's Safety
./a_better_way_to_authenticate
Make cardio workouts more entertaining with virtual reality.
Creating human connections through the shared food experience for settlers, and other Australians.
ArrivalHub is an application that sources and curates local businesses to tailor journeys for new Australians.
Collaborative Goal Setting App for Refugees and Case Workers
Digital Communication Assistant  ~ Communication should be as simple as a flick of the wrist ~
Offline help whenever you need it!
Live-Updated News Aggregating Web App
Super awesome offline peer-to-peer canvas collaboration iOS app
Cryptid is a secure, affordable, and easily integrated identification system.

simulating circuits like a #bawss
Battle. Mario. Kart.
A revolution in visualization
Black light germ scanner for health care purposes
Change your Native Android App in real time,  easy-to-use Web platform to make changes!
An android app that notifies you about your daily courses in Nottingham University
Look at products in VR before buying them, then pay from within the experience via Braintree
An investment bank, which allows investing into HackNotts projects.
Makes it easy to see the availability of lab computers and where your coursemates are
Avoid procrastination, save money  piggyJar
The information that everyone wants in a format that no bank will give it...
A new approach to stock data visualisation.
A fun game to play on the off chance you have a few mins to kill
Rovers come to christmas!
Control sounds with motion
Put an amazing video with your phone on every image in the world.
Helping people in need find a home around the world
The Lubdub Club provides a great new way of learning about your heart and body.
Bet for Bit is a premium, high-security Bitcoin betting service for dedicated sports fans.
Any content, from mobile to desktop, in a single gesture.
Find the shortest Tim Hortons line in your area.

Secure smart wish list sharing platform collecting consumer wants, connecting friends, & improving gift quality.

Messaging platform for educators - students click on keywords to gain quick access to Wolfram's information database
A peer-to-peer task completion platform.
A truly fungible cryptocurrency
Turn your family tree into a rich, visual timeline of your family history to share and explore with your whole family

SnipBit is a micropayment platform that eliminates the subscription and paywall problems of the web.
Your Health.  Your Legacy.  Their Future.
Digitize and preserve family photo album and scrapbook memories at the worlds highest quality, using your iPhone.
Connect squares to achieve new high scores! Clean. Simplistic. Challenging. Squares - A HTML5 game for Tizen.
Telescope for sound - learn through play toy for all
With Taggly you can tag and discuss your favorite products found in videos and provide a one-click buy link.

Where everything happens!
A simple lookup to learn about specific dog breeds.
Guestimate enables  a business requester to get Instant LOE's and Release Date's  by leveraging Predictive Analytics!
During Time off, all you need is time off. Let this track it for you...
A tool to easily manage dialing filters in call center environment for various programs.
First aid diagnosis and advice for the developing world via SMS
Get seated IMMEDIATELY
Get the soundtrack you need for the story you read.
Offer discounts for your NFC identified customers using the Clover Station
Launch your own on-demand marketplace for free without writing any code and without having to recruit workers.
You need an outfit for a special occasion and hate shopping? Quickorder in tinder-style on SuitMeApp!
Turning public bathrooms into panic rooms and life lines -aiming to free victims of human trafficking
An app that will show you chooses of clothes at at cheaper price
Powerful Sports Bets Automation Made Easy
Realtime democratic voting system for music streaming in parties and events
Smart Tv Recommendations via Telegram messaging
Challenge your friends/favourite streamers to complete Steam achievements for a cash bounty to charity
I need an expert is a video calling platform which connects experts to learners that need a hand.
Collective news gathering based on the Wisdom of Crowds
A 3D generated terrain to explore on a handglider with competitive and multiplayer capabilities
A CO2 emissions visualiser for UK
Near, far, wherever you are! Keep track of your children (and even your husband!).
Crowd-source for charities by challenging your friends


Your powertool in Telegram
An app that helps you find new people from your area to hang out with.
Simply, fun.
Community mind mapping app for quick sharing of thoughts and ideas to help students grow as a class.

Use your FLIR ONE for Android as a webcam with your PC


Gain Time Gain Friends
The project wasn't submitted on Devpost
Wireless music-maker controlled by a web page, plays any song / loop you can come up with

test


Easily share collection of stories and ideas that matters to you and influences others
An sms based Q&A platform for people without access to the Internet.
A logistics game that teaches problem solving
Learn Basic rules of deriving functions
Teach Kids to Discern between ads
Word shooting
Do homework first, then you can play.
Opportunity for mute people to use mobile phones most important feature - calling.
Continuous integration for Android projects on GitHub
Selfie time-lapse making application that automatically takes pictures.
.

webgl 'game'
Calculate your festivity through Twitter analysis!

A wifi-enabled christmas tree that visualises data from a poll
record your lightbulb moments and illuminate the path to mastery
HatChat allows you to message or call nearby HatChatters!
A web service for discovery of destinations matching your expected weather conditions (and hints on how to get there)
Easy, secure way to share files, unlocking with SMS.
Context-aware social app for dog owners
Platform for hyper local services and part time jobs near you, on the go, to your doorstep.
Meeting people is hard. Connecting with them shouldn't be.
Easly share events with nearby people via push notifications
Take a walk on the wildlife
Making Financial Essays Easier and Faster
Emotions came on one hand.

Share your Sixth Sense
Use this app at the beach to get the perfect tan and avoid sunburn
Prevention matters
Outdoors oriented activity app with powerful context based local, social, environmental and safety features
A Thermal Imaging app that helps detecting people and animals at Forest meant for forest
Thermal Imaging Meets Your BBQ
What can you learn from your local climate? Where else and when else in the US is very similar to your favorite day?
It is a service that allows students to see what a day in the life of a professional is
Spenser is your expenses robo-butler.
Memes everywhere are becoming less and less dank. We must change this, one swipe at a time.
Faster Rate my Professor lookup when searching for classes!
Dreamcatcher is an iOS mobile app that you describe your dream too and we create you a custom video to relive it.
A 3D Leap Motion game based on the classic game Asteroid. Fly through space and avoid asteroids using your hand!
Don't sleep through your next final with Sillibus test scheduler
No time to explain. Throw the javelin. Enjoy this ridiculous, virtual ride.
Check the battery percentage of your macbook from your iPhone.
A step towards pokemon in real life
a smart clicker for smart people
A stock market based on Twitter's criticism of tech companies
A web-based improv writing game! Trains typing, adaptability, and creative thinking.
InstaTag is a webapp that helps businesses and nonprofits optimize their social media campaigns via machine learning.
An app that facilitates the use of pictures and music for Alzheimer's therapy.
An arthritis exercise regimen isn't always the most enjoyable thing. So how can we make it more fun?
A way to run a bash shell through text messages
Keep your car safe from Thieves
Locate spacecraft, such as the TRV, directly overhead in your sky based on your location and real telemetry data.
A real time dynamic radio sensor array, created to track water levels in flood prone areas and save lives.
The open-source monitoring solution for Caregivers.
It looks so real that you are finally playing Heroes of Warcraft in real life

Host your Beaker notebooks on Google Drive.
Carpal tunnel physio on the go with the myo armband
Provide more intuitive information based on the GLOFAS to help local users understand their situation.
With Menuer, you will never be lost in exotic restaurants (or other places) anymore.
A Flood Awareness Education Platform
Using GloFAS forecast information to create a 'Time to respond' map.
Lag is a real time video game betting platform
Automatic collage creator with right music using facial emotion recognition
Augmented reality with everyday objects
Meetr is the key to your meeting room and a sustainable future leveraging the Internet of Things.
Park with confidence. We notify you to move your vehicle to avoid LA parking tickets.
Photo-based music discovery service
DataVR is a tool for plotting interactive charts and graphs in virtual reality (Google cardboard or Oculus Rift)
Capture Highlights of a live stream during the stream
A utility and social application designed for making Rice campus life easier
DragonHacks 2016 project
It's not actually a watch
Make Python great again
a centralized mobile solution for city street parking
A platform that allows restaurants to give food to local charities, in exchange for marketing and event promotions.
InspireBy is an interactive web app that explores the social impact that sustainable engineering can achieve.
Mind The Note
Trade-In Tool for the SpringboardAuto Platform. It allows users to submit their auto's information for an offer.
Sports data analysis application that predicts team and player performance before the game to help adjust roster
I am creating an Amazon Echo interface for the GapMinder database.
DeltaHacks Project
Assists in the diagnosis of the under-recognized physiological condition known as FAI, with image recognition
View what's happening on GitHub at real time
Dyslexify your read!
"Your medication made intelligent."

Fly your Parrot AR.Drone 2.0 using the Kinect
We used the Microsoft Kinect to interpret sign language and send their equivalent text messages.
A practical solution to measuring LPG levels and leaks from outside, with integrated wireless connectivity.
Breaks language barriers by translating voice to text
A web app designed to teach basic ASL signs.
Hot and gassy, but it also measures propane tank levels
Audio to midi
Can't text this!
Another Day is a Virtual Reality experience designed to spread awareness about the effects of depression.
Get a live & dynamic written account of your life based on details you never thought existed.
The start of a cleaner future
Your digital guardian angel.
SMS-based diabetes management
Find your place, your memories, your life - all with a wearable personal assistant
Group communications in Outlook made easier
Accessible pathfinding for everyone.
Travelapse lets you share your travel stories in a unique way and provides you inspiration for your next destination.
Never Gonna Let You Down
Reflecting UV light off of aluminum-coated propellers of an autonomous drone can inactivate deadly viruses.
Real time crowd monitoring!
Photoverse uses picture tagging software to suggest playlists for any type of photo or location.
Disrupt the shopping industry
Learn about health, science, physics, and much more with this collaborative augmented reality app!
Find and rate nearby bathrooms and draw (virtual) graffiti
A scalable drone management system which allows users to efficiently delegate tasks to fleets of varied UAVs.
Dungeon crawler hack-n-slash survival game
A circuit that should've never existed that runs in a constant loop once provoked.
Create a whole new world using the power of your voice.
A real world object virtualizer!
Find local music -- from at bars down the street from where you're staying or bigger shows -- taking place tonight.
You forgot to book a room for your group meeting.
We are a team dedicated to support homeless people and providing access to world wide resources.
A web app connecting homeless shelters to restaurants willing to donate leftover food

A quadcopter with mounted cameras, able to detect and track faces.
GPU Accelerated JavaScript (with js fallback)
What do you do with all the empty aluminum cans you acquire over the span of a Hackathon? Make electronic drums!
Get help spotting for your lost pet, or help to spot for stray and runaways pets
A system to intuitively draw in 3D on a budget
VIA helps the visually impaired gain awareness of the environment.
Learn, Cook, Share!
Phobe is user-friendly security robot which essentially acts as a mobile CCTV camera for easy surveillance.
Help you invest from every transaction you make.
App that enables the visually impaired to interpret their surroundings with a simple hand gesture.
Real estate price estimation with machine learning based on descriptive information or by images
Flight suggestions based on instagram activity
Control your browser from your phone with your voice.
We can get data out of your computer wirelessly - even if you don't want us to!
Monitor fire, noise, and movement in your baby's room through an elegant IOS app!
Traffic pattern vis in Tucson, AZ
Learn Electronics by Playing with your friends
Find a meal you'll love, without knowing another language
A walking stick that detects a users fall and texts help with increasing urgency based on ensuing movement and input
Measuring the sweetness in your young ones
A simple budgeting tool for your daily budgeter, offering low-cost retail suggestions on-the-go.
We make it easy for patients and caregivers to track prescriptions and improve adherence.
Spotify + Houndify => Spotted Hound => Dalmation => Dalmify
Voice comments on videos flow through screen like waves, support voice video search and android remote controller!
The next-gen fitness app
Simplified platform to connect a Recruiter and the Job seeker
Warns diabetics of unexpected blood sugar spikes and drops, giving them control of their lives
Breast-milk tracker and management system
Audsearch is a video parsing tool which selectively highlights searched for segments and shows general trends.
Blocks of Sugar connects diabetes patients by location so they can learn from and motivate one another
Fitness based app that encourages diabetic patients to explore the city they live in
Two player 3D sword fighting game implementing mobile phone accelerometers
Classic snake but the computer runs the snake and the human places the dots.
Do not fear the Doctor is here, right in your pockets! DataDoc recommends treatment of disease using Machine Learning
A smart, bluetooth enabled, pill dispenser for prescription management
A project in financial modeling and natural-language processing
Dronely Kubrick is a clean interface that allows amateur filmmakers to shoot difficult shots with style and ease.
An app for diabetics to get insulin before they need it. Doctors can place orders, which are delivered via Postmates.
Revealing research insight and making knowledge available
Determines your Myers-Briggs personality type based on your Instagram posts
Your Personal Assistant for Chrome! You can search, configure, and control actions all with a touch of a button!
It's a voice controlled camera rail for your smartphone.  Be your own director!
Using twitter data to understand mental illness and its cause to empower the Government to help individuals.
Exploratory, escape the room video game with whimsical theme.
MeanFilter is a bot that is trained to distinguish threat and harmful text in various live posts.
Change the way we work and shop, while saving the environment, money, and friendships, driven by real data
You love the Wikipedia-Game but suck at it, this can help you solve the game!
A wireless and cost effective solution using an Android app and a Myo for ASL to speech translation (bilingual).
Instantly add filters to your Facebook profile picture to support charities and local events.
Cat Lovers. I want you.
History repeats itself and so does human DNA. Find your lookalike! Reflection of self, brought to you by Twinder.
A standalone laser current controlled with a laser designed to hit drones.
Home Automation with Facial Recognition
Accompaniyig your videos with smart context so you can further research topics mentioned in your video
A class scheduling webapp for UF students.
Find perfect candidates with best fit !
An alternative to the keyboard for easier text input on devices like the Apple Watch, the Xbox, and others.
Application shows hot zones of existing customers for businesses using Intuit QuickBooks  plotted on Google Maps.

An app to help patients and families at the UMC Pediatrics Ward understand more about their conditions, health.
Efficient, quick, and sustainable system for organizations relying on paper systems to distribute packages digitally
Frequency domain analysis and multi-label classification come together in this app used to analyze played music.
Web crawler which will replace the need to manually enter data in Nuance Experience Studio
Your wardrobe, reimagined for the future
Cast any video on the web to your chromecast (including most FLV)
PicAPun is the next revolutionary pun generator. Submit your image URL address and PicAPun will pic a pun for you!
StudyNote.JS is a cool web application & Chrome extension that makes studying easy for everyone!
The last 27 minutes of every horror film in 90s or less

A simple-to-install automatic light switch that's designed to work with existing switches
Pittsburgh public one way telegraph receiver
Frustrated with selling your books online? So were we. That's why we created OGBooks. Never stress over selling again
Use the Clarifai API as a Chrome Extension
make cute charts about the death of hackathon projects
nonbiased opinion on your artistic ability
Everything but the bathroom sink. Welcome to the future of dental hygiene.
A desktop application to organize your photos in a library automatically through the Clarifai API!
Statistics,archive and EXPORT your weekly discover spotify playlists
FBSecure encrypts your messages on Facebook Messenger, protecting your privacy and your friends' privacy.
Personalized VR Space to create and study in.
Access a new young audience on a platform with over 800 million active users every month.
Follow your favourite teams and artists with the click of a button.
Going somewhere near by? Find the easiest walking path there!
Fund your future trips by sharing your last one
Travel agents are back
Easily escape any unwanted conversation
Connecting the community by creating an ecosystem between retailers, people, and beneficiaries (needy) with Huatlah.
Seemless translation for multiple languages
Help VRoom find its way through the maze using virtual reality.
Control BB8 with "The Force"
Sometimes its too cold for flimsy touch screen gloves. TransMitten will allow you to use your phone and stay warm.
Inexpensive WIFI particle sensor that logs data to Internet and sends phone alerts
A one stop mobile platform for fashion bloggers and shoppers

Find your friends through your activities
Keep a transcript of your vocal meetings

A mousetrap that lets the pest control companies provide fast response and gather relevant data about vermin control
If you're having a Panic at the Disco!, use music therapy to calm down or call your doc!

Empowering workers with communication tools and conflict data from the local working community and beyond
A hybrid application that gives contextual information about the nearest loop buses at UCSC.
Locally sourced data and free range programmers provide high quality cruelty free picnic recommendations.

contractr lets independent contractors find more work and discuss sociopolitical and economical issues in their field
Your safety is important, that's why we made OnWatch, the watch that watches out for you.
Empowering online shoppers to make ethical purchases
Health Analytics and Sleep Rating
Find food for friends, faster
Mobile app to empower employees by providing real time worker support through integrated chat, forum, & info library.
Be able to try on an entire catalog without having to use a dressing room, and have it tailored to your likes!
Personalized Risk Advisor for your Dream Trip!
Networked Sound Meters, noise levels in apartments, alerting the noisiest offenders. Exposing the noisiest cities.
Leverage the internet of things to save water by stopping leaks more efficiently.
For keeping you comfortable at either end of the temperature spectrum
Join In makes it easier to connect volunteers and organizations within a university setting!

got yo back
From our personal experiences entering college as STEM majors.
ArGla, Short for Arbejdsglaede, is a Danish word meaning literally 'Happiness in the workplace'.
Protection on the slopes
An wearable/app that tracks your stress levels and setiment to help pinpoint what to remove from your life.
WatBot is a smart personal health risk advising assistant. Just add him to your Whatsapp group and start monitoring!
GeoTagged Travel Risk assessment

A data-driven app to help you find candidates who really represent you
A universal clip board for all of your devices stored in the cloud.
Slay dragons, master concurrency! - Maliciously plan context switches to reveal hidden bugs in code.
Metabolise: Easy fitness tracking with metrics that you care.

An application that allows you to skip the line for the cashier in clothing stores
An EEG Assistive Input Device that Can be Learned in Minutes
Transparent collaboration recommendations for researchers
A Slack 'bot' which responds to words with enigmatic and amusing phrases, all generated by a Deep Neural Network.
A Convenient, Covert, and Drug Free Solution to Menstrual Cramping

Read people's minds as they read your documents
An electromyography sensor made using bottle caps, buttons and cake mix. Programmed so you play pong, using your arm.
A short research project implementing some famous topographical (graphical) clustering algorithms and visualisation
Highly secure, multi-factor low-cost biometric authentication platform for any device equipped with a camera.
A little site decicated to the wonderful MLH EU Team

Educating you towards a greener, cleaner future!
We tell you if your text looks like Shakespeare, or an Adele song, or like Hitler wrote it, and >20 other categories
Connect people from local neighbourhood who are financially more stable to those who are not via p2pmicrolending
A guided analysis platform for data: imports, explores new data, recommends good strategies & executes analysis
Gesture control API using a Pebble smartwatch
A step forward towards an IoT enabled household

Task taken is task done and remember that the power is yours
Seamlessly defying interactive barriers between garment, wearer and today's fast paced social scene.
Accessories that help people who are losing their memory.
Hoyahacks Baymax application
Enhancing Amazon search via product reviews
Never miss a bus again!  TimeCheck tells bus drivers to wait for you!
Crowdsourcing emergency response to save lives when 911 cannot get there fast enough, over Pebble, iOS, and Web.
Web-based platform that provides real-time analysis on drug trafficking locations across the United States.
It's about the journey from A to B, not just getting from A to B.
Pictouresque: the app that takes you from tourist to touring!
We're building an online community and a resource base to reduce our users' feeling of imposter syndrome.
GangBusters the app that makes highschool safer for students

Find a buddy to attend OCC events with you!
An affordable solution to college students caffeine needs.
Cheap and Simple Virtual Reality
We created a website where teens can  interact with mentors in order to get help in decision making.
No need for instructions
Our mission is to help high schoolers to earn their funding for scholarship, by working in their communities
A platform to help immigrant teens connect.
A website that allows teens under 18 years old to let their voices be heard during presidential elections.
Creating a networking platform for teens in underrepresented communities to meet professionals in their future carrer
American teens in the USA today are unaware of police brutality and how it affects them. We are trying to solve this!
A modern method for recipe identification and information based on the contents of your fridge.
IoT Fire Alarm (features: smoke/CO2 sensors, occupancy sensor, image recognition, alerts)
It can roam and explore in any direction, unconstrained by the range of point to point radios.
m1ssinglink is a Chrome and Firefox extension that fixes broken links on Stack Overflow.
Compute statistics and gather data all in one app! Hello to easily accessible, free(!), stats for all!
Tap your way to becoming a good person!
A cross-platform(Web & Android) app to maintain your diet and know what's inside your everyday foods.
Zero-setup P2P file transfer between Macs and iOS devices

Collaborative Spotify play queue for your musical gathering.
A multi-platform endless runner utilizing unique device inputs.
A game about flying paper kites
Dripp is a social challenge app that encourages individuals to reduce their water waste by listening to music

Weather. Predicted Delays. Analytics.
Automate & show targeted onsite calls-to-action, synced with Infusionsoft
This is filler for Devpost
Social Media Challenge Winners of Hackathon
We turn data confusion and frustration into clarity and control.

SegMetrics gives actionable analytics for Infusionsoft. Get clarity on how much your marketing is really worth.


Your campus waiter.
Looking for someone to grab a beer with? Want to meet new people? Use our app to find people to grab a pint with.
An iOS application that helps college students find free food on-campus
Interact with words in a meaningful way.
Location based Instagram explorer using Leap Motion controller navigation over a map
This is an online game meant to teach basic programming concepts (functions, loops, etc.) in an entertaining way.
Natural language directions service.
A cuter way to motivate for a healthier lifestyle. Grow alongside your newfound fitness pet, Wiib!
Are you curious about how candidates feel during the debate? we explore and track their emotions when they speak
It is a service which redirects emergency requests from users to service personnel closest to the location
Overwhelmed by the amount of reading you have to do on CULPA? culpa sentiment can help.
devfest 2016 robotic hack: butter robot
Text to display language processor that takes descriptions of chemical structures into a chemistry.css display

P2P Event Check-In System
Automatic note taker powered by speech recognition and collabrative editing
Buddy.com is a social platform for people to easily find entertainment/culture events info & find buddies to go with
transmits outside colors to motherboard for color switching in the Neopixels trhoughout the chain
A Chrome extension which creates a newtab for Vassar students
It's pokemon, but with pickles
Voice commands for Chrome!
Boxing. In VR.
Music learning and generation with musicXML files
Automated cpu plays a human in traditional board game
Guide for events and shelters for the homeless, includes a way for them to earn cell phone data
Enter two cities and salaries compare how your monthly budget will be affected in multiple aspects.

A neural network-powered American Sign Language translator
Find out whether the water near you is safe to drink, and if not, what to do about it. Contribute your own test data.
Truly random numbers for stronger security using the iPhone camera
Fitness app to help you track workouts and runs.
Making data in clinical trials transparent for both patients and researchers.
It's a cat-themed online dj powered by SoundCloud
The app lets users connect to others' social media via handshake
Semi-abstract pictures of jobs for assets show patterns & impact of bad data maintenance.
The easy way to share quality notes on campus
For Extra Motivation, Call 1 (925)-FSU-HACK
A money management app that helps tell you what you can spend that day/week/month based on your income and bills.
A local's guide to LA's attractions
Twitter's missing piece, custom feeds based on hashtags, keywords, user accounts, you name it. Taming the tweetstorm.
An application that enables the users to rediscover their old photos through keyword searches.
Snacking made simple. An IoT-enabled vending machine.
FistBump uses the Myo Armband to detect your activity level and play a similarly active song on your Spotify playlist
Bringing awareness to the damage we inflict on our oceans. We hope to remind users to Reduce, Reuse and Recycle.
This is a 2-player battle down a mountain between Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump
Walking back alone has never been safer.
Experience the Invisible
Generating novel Star Wars screenplays using LSTM recurrent neural networks
Milage tracker that can estimate and differentiate  between different jobs for tax deductibles.
JHU course map visualizer by department
The language-learning resource that teaches you both Chinese meanings and pronunciations.
A social team game that skillfully blends frustration and co-operative shouting. Oh, and it's in space...
Happy Heart helps those with mental illness track their triggers through heart rate detection.
Developing a NWL resource management hub for better more effective site / asset management
Top level report based visualisation for quick observation of trends
Verifying your tips to detect fraudulent charges.
epic chess
VoiceCare is a secure messaging/voice platform your medicare patients will actually use
Controlling your life in more ways than one
Streamlined elevator pitching: The fastest way for VCs and Startups to connect
Visualization of face-detected emotions
The VR Controller for Google Cardboard || Touch Reality!
Open Source Intelligent Assistant with Software and Hardware Components
A 21st century karaoke experience
Text your current address to find locations near you that accept food stamps
No more awkward conversation gaps! Upload pictures or type in emotions to find the PERFECT gif to represent your mood
Gives you a new challenge to do every day
Mapping ideas and crowdsourcing feedback in real-time
Catch cash in this net app bringing micro-financing to students to fund entrepreneurial & educational pursuits.
Project Almanac is an Android mobile application that provides farmland information to Myanmar farmers in need.
An app for the Pebble Time  that informs you of your surroundings
Think differently about money.
An easy way to find relevant academic sources for any topic found on Wikipedia.
As a virtual earthquake monitor, Poseidon both increases awareness  and connects people to ways that they can help.
It is a video detection system that uses API resources to distinguish if a cat has entered an unuthorized area.
Water. Revisited. Introducing the first geolocation-enabled smart water bottle. Never miss a drink again.
Whether it's Broncos/Panthers or Bernie/Hillary, Smackdown will tell you whose fans are talking more smack on Twitter
Using machine learning to predict a breast mass is malignant or benign
It's a Java game that implements the Myo armband
Vehicle monitoring system that tracks when people damage your car while it is unattended
Dash keeps you updated with what's happening.
A multifunctional platform which eases your life with the Pebble watch and a camera.
We generate relevant image content for you speech/presentation on the fly
Saving the world one trashcan at a time
Your personalized image tagging, search and analytics tool for Facebook images
Using FB API, Clarifai API, and Tickmaster API we provide you with the top relevant ticket results
Helping the global community of car spotters around the world.
TANKS FUN FUN FUN
Match it up, get a highscore
Plug-in turboDial To Turbo-Charge Your Inside Sales!
Create and send professional quotes, that can be accepted and paid on by your clients.
Platform for integrated asset and fault management across all infrastructure
A protoype for the application for free and reduced price school meals
Create an engaging visual display for your oral presentation with ZERO preparation.
Expert networking and awareness of global disasters.
HandSPASMS connects doctors with their patients through text messages.
A text hotline that allows refugees on the ground in Greece to report on their needs for food, shelter and water.
Medichat for Philippines
An engaging, interactive way to bring communities together for flood prevention.
Tanzania Visualized uses governmental databases to create innovative, beautiful and inspiring visualizations.
This project helps the country to plan long-term infrastructure of all its rural and urban areas.
A domain name mocking my existence
Efficient, low-cost, responsive and maintainable trauma analysis and treatment hardware.

Smart clinic registration app that predicts patients' illness using emotion analysis and machine learning.
Art from your heart. A pintograph that draws elaborate, personalized patterns based on the heart rate of the user.
Real Time Text to Braille Translator
Using a simple mobile app, we can diagnose walking problems
Bringing frontline diagnostics into the home with automatic pipetting machines. Never be surprised by cancer again.
A gesture-controlled bike light, making the roads safer for cyclists everywhere.
A hands free kitchen assistant for the modern world. Spice it up.
Real Hackers Don't Need Grills. Real Hackers Let Their Food Cook Itself.
An Internet of Things smart dumbbell that gamifies exercise and helps you improve your form.
A graphical application which provides students who are new to robotics a fast way to get projects up and running.
Ever had problems finding your friends sober drive information, well now there is an app to help.
A simple and efficient library for implementing color vision deficiency compensation.
Lending a HAND to those in need, an exoskeleton for the paralyzed.
Align teaches good posture by giving you real-time haptic feedback on the curvature of your spine and shoulders.
A virtual reality driving simulator
Everyone codes in their own language of love. Find your match with love.js
I've used Unity 3D and Vuforia (Augmented Reality) to recognize 2D image into 3D model.
GitCured encourages patients to ask questions about complexities arising from the amalgamation of health concepts
SMS Service to alert you when the waves are good enough to surf
The Echo Chef is a hands-free way to follow recipes while you cook.

An app developed to detect erratic driving.
Analyzes your browser history for trends and collects statistics.
A platform transcendent multiplayer scavenger hunt played through email and sms.
We've created a fleet of drones -- an acrobatic, voice-controlled drone, and an object recognition drone.
After 30 hours of nothing, we wanted to achieve at least one thing.
Build and modify live apps on your phone - for everyone!
Data sent through visible light to mitigate outside data reception and interference
The Most Intuitive way ever
Wireless video gaming.
A web app efficiently connecting UCLA students (verified through their .edu email) for ridesharing
Automated Keurig
We detect crime rates and other tags in cities based on twitter meta data
Monitor your API's with ease.
Look for likeminded people to go all around the world with.
An app that allows you to track events at clubs societies and sports clubs
Application for Pebble Smart Watch for ultimate mobile banking experience
Follow hackathon events around the world as well as places to sleep, eat, ... near them.
Tool to find the highest quality hospital for a specific medical procedure
Extract desirable information from twitter posts.
Possibly Donald Trump's favorite game
a prosthetic hand that has the capability of functioning like a human hand
A smart schedule maker that helps you decide what to prioritize
Dispensing Made Easy
Making validating event attendees so much easier.
Wake up - every time, all the time.
Combining communication tools from the 19th and the 21st centuries to educate, engage, and entertain.
Memento provides therapy and aid to patients suffering from dementia using location services and brain games.
Just Say It and See the Hearts Fly
it's a game where you punch people using a basic inverse kinematics system
The site that gives you a short and sweet view of what's popular on the internet today.
HearVR uses Machine Learning and SoundCloud's API to visualize music in Virtual Reality on the Oculus.
A HackBU quirky game about finding Dora's friends and repeating those words in Spanish.
Codiggity is a refined rap synthesizer; spit rhymes like straight fire. Create your beat, listen to music and repeat.
Meet other developers today!
Want to feel the bass of your favorite song if at a concert or the roar of an engine, now you can with BestsVest!
A seizure detection and treatment device on an Arduino 101 board powered by Intel and custom-made biosensors.
Alexa a day keeps the doctor away.
The ultimate public speaking virtual reality experience

The next step into the future of the smart kitchen

A Leap Motion assisted app allowing medical professionals to view and manipulate scans while scrubbed in and sterile
Draw curves in thin air and find out their equations!

Airscribe is a smart audio transcriber for health professionals.
A distributed trustless decentralized incentivization platform.
Fallen behind before midterms? Slip forward through integrates slides and video
Wander takes the pain out of travel planning  automatically create a personalized itinerary for your next trip.
2016 DevPost #HackFrost entry:  pulls realtime traffic data, weather, and map information to your Pebble smart watch.

Learn more about yourself based on your tweets...

An app that allows you to connect to local shovelers to shovel your driveway
Twitter account analysis report for the Rocketgraph platform

This project involves taking weather data posted from an arduino and displaying it on a mobile app and website.

Find a Buddy to Eat Lunch With!
Application which illustrates basic coding logic through fun, buildable, programmable drones
Simple, friendly, and responsive form to apply for free and reduced price meals.
Remote health monitoring tool for senior citizens/differently-abled persons living alone or under limited supervision
A real time localization platform that provides high resolution population density maps of network infrastructures



Because buses never arrive on time
Be a good citizen and get rewarded!

Developer platform for health apps
A robot that plays pictionary
How are college campuses feeling right now?
A smarter, more efficient solution to trash collection.
The world's ultimate security tool to prevent unauthorized personal from using your system
Hong Kong locals can preorder and prepay for street food to pick up on the go during peak hours and late nights
Taking care of your dirt doesn't have to be a mess with the cloud.
Automated occupancy count of a building or room that can be accessed wirelessly through a website.
You don't have to know music to write it down~

Generating beautiful latex CVs and websites.
Take some weight off your shoulders
making elderly life better
A discrete safety alert mobile app disguised as a cute virtual pet game!
This is a site to learn about owls.
Line Sign is a wifi based monitoring system used to estimate wait times of lines.
Bias Buster is a text analysis tool to identify, quantify, and correct bias in professional writing.
Live, cloud-accessible terrain sensing to improve accessibility route mapping for wheelchair users.
A procedural music generator based on Conway's Game of Life.
Peer counseling chat service.
Request a lyft ride
FemmeHacks 2016 project
All inclusive dog management device for when you are away!
Video and photo sharing app for anyone with a smartphone, post and view media from public channels
Fight off lions trying to climb the Cathedral of Learning - IN VIRTUAL REALITY!
Habit-forming calendar app
Best webapp for abroad people
A fitness and health tracker where as you #self-care, you also take care of your cat!
An IoT solution to complete home gun control that gives firearm-owners peace-of-mind.
A simple way to fit the things you need to get done into your busy life.
Split the data cost of streaming music between iOS devices using a mesh network
Real-time autotune, controlled by Myo
Use Geographical Data to Help Diagnose a Disease
A household appliance to manage daily medicinal requirements in the homes of retired people
Sightseeing: The Smart Way
Generating sequences of piano notes from blocks of text using word sentiment analysis.
Learn relevant conversational phrases in another language on the go!
Chrome Extension for Text to Image conversion
Games are boring nowadays and here is our way of changing that! Risk is what people need!
AI at your fingertips,we bring to you the most intuitive and powerful experience to manage all your smartphone photos
HANS-Haptic Automated Navigation System for the visually impaired with crowd sourced indoor obstacle mapping..
Finding the best neighbourhoods for you to live in any city, tailored to your lifestyle
A marketplace for sharing everyday items.
Graph visualization of repository structure for GitHub projects
Extensible automation simulation package; drag and drop code from the sim to any single board computer.
IoT becomes limitless with web integration from Intel. This is demonstrated with our hacked-together car!
Created an algorithm for Arduino Robot to beat various difficulties of a pre-set track and reach the finish.
An app that provides predictive crop yield for a farm and estimates the profit, weather and soil information.
We built an interactive compiling calendar to be used by Wellesley students and their organizations.
Social-oriented facial recognition allowing for unlocking of actions only when certain people are nearby at once.
Lifelike Sorting Hat, as seen in Harry Potter
A smarter credit card: the benefits of having a credit and debit card with none of the drawbacks.
Utilizes Amadeus and IMO APIs to compile public health information near travel destinations.
An app that grabs your class notes from Blackboard so you don't have to!
games, social, competitive, share, ionic
Athletics done right

This project is about helping autistic people.
Useful VR
Quality events on a budget because planning just got easy.
Browser based cross platform virtual reality version of the popular mobile app, Monument Valley
Best Menjadora EUW
Flying - for the entire family
Connecting Farmers to Food Banks.
Easy, data-driven crop mapping to maximize profit and reduce waste, anywhere in the US
Photo sharing made simple
An up to 5-dimensional version of the classic game
Electron-based note-taking app, with Wolfram search
Have you ever wanted your own personal API. Well, here it is!
Lift your mood by listening to music generated by analysing your github commits
Argo is an application that helps Wolverines connect in person through one-on-one blind friend-dates.

Continuous Integration meets Server Management: Your Ship Has Just Come In.
P2P image sharing site for ultimate scaleability of memes
A 3-D music visualiser for the Oculus Rift
Program using emojis.
Allows you to communicate with others in yours and their respective native languages, with seamless SMS translation
Crowdsourcing text classification data
leanrning Dijkstras!
QR Driven Navigation App for Use Indoors
Automating various operations performed before and after lectures, making both students' and lecturers' lives easier

Vector graphics from photos and drawings
An internet of things device to monitor water safety in the home and providing crowdsourcing of this information
Unconventional jump'n'jump platformer with periods of "inversed death logic"
Simple multi player game about predicting other people choices.
NFC tag attendance taking
Change the way your share your business cards,with our new software,which allows you to record cards over NFC tags.
A tool for visualizing data from Capital One's Api.
Redesigning the way we use mobile applications for weight loss and recipes.
A simple directory to upload personal projects for free hosting!
EnQ is a iOS app that's places you in a virtual queue at any bar or restaurant. No need to wait in line anymore.

Crowdsourcing network using Amazon Dash Button's hardware for Disaster Management and Response
Making language learning POP!
Your texting app becomes a powerful and secure terminal on-the-go with SSH 4 SMS
Finds probability of neurological disorder using Machine Learning through certain fundamental test over the web
Using campus yaks (from yik yak) to find the most positive (or negative) school according to its students
Ever wondered where all your time went? Moments knows it. Moments is a simple solution to keep track of your events.
Wall-Street investment advice inspired by your wallet
A quick and efficient way for people to purchase products
Flush less, live more
LED dress that turns you into the Disney Princess you are singing!
Combined the Google Calendar & Places APIs with Meteor to allow users to effortlessly make dinner plans with friends.
Imagine Baymax (Big Hero 6) and (Amazon) Alexa: Your Virtual Healthcare Companion
AgroRentals revolutionizes the way farmers share their farm equipment.(combines, planters, tractors,etc.)
A travel web application that helps you find a spontaneous getaway!
A smart door to protect your home and screen who enters it using rPi and Arduino.
A platform that refactors the way you process information when dining.
An iPad app to help doctors view affected areas on patients; detailing their symptoms and their personal details.
Pear - Personal teaching assistant for kids - Addicting and engaging fun Math practice questions.
Cooking on your own is a challenge faced when starting college. We aim to ease the difficulty with this transition.
An immersive accessbility and learning platform for Braille, for both the sighted and the blind
Travel solutions beyond the ordinary.
Flight control of a drone using hand movements.
Site searches twitter with two different keywords and returns which one has more positive tweets associated with it.
Travel on a whim without the hassle! Just install the Chrome extension, find a photo of a famous landmark, and enjoy!
Connect4 artificial intelligence that improves itself through experience.
See how the world has changed by looking through a time capsule stored in the clouds
An application designed for restaurant owners to recognize where prompt service is required.
Xpense is a virtual assistant impacting college students & financial enthusiasts by teaching them to invest smartly!
We have developed a fun to play game from the 90's, giving it a tangy twist of controlling via an accelerometer.
The key to success in securing your accounts and computer in real time
To eat is a necessity, but to eat intelligently is an art
An application which users can access to their lands and check the value of their county land
HackIllinois project to make a social movie database - keep up to date with what you and your friends are watching
We developed the most realistic car driving simulator ever.
Because sharing is saving
Connect with content-creators and developers alike to bring amazing ideas into fruition.
Using big data to solve farming problems
A Sight Reading App
Your destination is a stone's throw away.
Study and play at the same time.
pictures of pitchers throwing pitchers
30 Million Lunches Every Day and Stronger Every Year
yo
Pebble Street Assistant will help you find your favorite places of interest depending on your needs.
App para documentar de manera fcil el proceso para llegar a tener una vivienda terminada y con criterios sostenibles
Prdidas de miembros, precisinencirugas,seguridadenactividadesriesgosas,sonareas enlasquenuestroproyecro se enfoca.
SpoilerDefense is a Google Chrome Extension with the purpose of hiding spoilers in your Facebook news feed.
Find help, fast. Ask questions and do pair programming with other hackers!
This is an integration (hw+sw) project that helps gymnasts to improve their performance at the olympics
Una manera amigable de visualizar la informacin de cada terreno en un mapa.
Aplicacin que importa canciones en formato MIDI, para practicarlas con tu instrumento, te califica en tiempo real.
A therapeutical turn for gesture interaction.
We connect futbol players with people who rent pitches

Roots to Stem is a website that connects young women interested in STEM to female mentors in the field
Our project uses a 3D virtual landscape to connect people as an immersive social media site.
This is my attempt to create an intuitive application process for the USDA National School Lunch Program
gravitytank reinvented the F&RL form to bring confidence, guidance, and reassurance to families completing it.
Mobile-friendly animated map widget
Combining statistical analyses and modern data visualization tools for Project Tycho Public Health data
Galapagos is a comparative viewer for simulator output.
Make XML Great Again!
ThinkVR visualizes your mood allowing you to better understand and control your mental state.
A framework for making trivia games on the jumbotron
Giving students the discounts they deserve.
A facial tracker using OpenCV and Third party library
Sleepy easy, wake easy.
c
Clean your Facebook profile removing and remove inappropriate images.
This Pebble app uses voice recognition to convert spoken words into Morse code vibrated onto the wearer's wrist.
Have you ever wondered if pluto was a planet?
Auditory learning is the future! Practice Quizlet flash cards with Amazon Alexa.
Your favorite drinks taste better together.  Sir Mix-a-Drink makes it easy to get the mix right.
Find out where your money goes & how to save it!
An enhanced web experience. From your chair to the VR couch to the web.
Mind reading. Well, close enough. MUSEic reads your brain waves and uses music to help improve your mood.
Alert emergency contacts with Amazon Echo
On demand help for homeless.
It's flappy bird, but in 3 Dimensions!
An XK-24 keyboard modified into a 24-button keyboard to be used single-handed.
A website dedicated to curating the best puns with a technical spin for programmers and hackers.
A network of the sky - The movement of people visualized.
Using the Clarifai API and the Xbox Kinect Sensor to prototype a device that announces to the user their surroundings
Mood based bot searching on promptapp.io, with a Prompt wrapper class for Nodejs built by devs for devs
A way to pin your thoughts and ideas in VR
Conduct your Algorave orchestra in real-time
A 2d game,you are a panther that needs to collect fruit to change colour in the RGB spectrum. + machine learning
Save money and stay within your budget without sacrificing the glamour of your dream vacation.
Scribble something and someone will draw a picture out of it.
Treasure hunt puzzle platformer game based on PC & Android. BOT will interact through Chirp.io generated tunes.
The alarm that actually gets you up
A mobile game for horrible people
All of the services you need in one group chat
Share your artistic drawings through sound
Make git commands through leap motion gestures. The power of git is in your hands.
Meet new friends for lunch.
Spend Wisely!
VR Mario soccer using Myo's to control the avatars + Amazon Alexa Esports + Synergistic integrations
Deduce your surroundings just like Sherlock!
Can't find a coupon code online? Not anymore. Couper is a Chrome extension that automatically gets you the best deal.
Everybody's favourite game, now in VR
An electric longboard with a custom-designed deck and flashy LEDs, motorized to make travel easier.
For when you don't want to do math homework
A web application which helps user identifies the content inside of image, powered by Clarifai and LiquidWeb.
Snap a picture of your food and NutriCam can find out what it is and give you nutrition info about it!
A neat & cost-effective gadget which allows you to implement motion software recognition using the cheapest materials
A real life game that introduces you to money management with rewards and repercussions
Any book, any page, anywhere. Now they're part of your Story. Alexa reads to you the words of any picture you take.
An open marketplace for fresh, homemade food. We connect the people who love to eat and the people who love to cook.
Declutter your life and help charities
Buy what you need before you need it
Cloud Syncing made simple
It's unquackable! A novel encryption algorithm.

GitAnalyzed provides developers and companies with a meaningful talent analysis tool through GitHub repositories.
Artificial Intelligence Financial Trading
H-Auth encrypts your files using your particular handwriting style and 2-Factor Authentication
Fingerprint technology is an untapped resource. We provide a next level, easy to use authentication platform.
Codefucious educates the user so the user can educate women
Have you ever lost your keys? Your cell phone? Your wallet? We can help you Remember where you put them
In the future, a human and a robot go on an adventure to learn Java.
Do you hate how many steps it takes to solve an equation? This website will do it for you!
Hi, we're Can't be SECond.  We are trying to reduce food waste by making people aware of expiration dates.
Resumatch is an IOS application that allows job recruiters to give feedback by swiping through resumes.
learn to program in a playfull way, it's for middle school kids
An android App that Helps people (specially Women), To find the danger zones or accidents around them
This app helps you connect with other technical or non-technical girls and women at your college or near your job.
One start, one destination, ten packages, and ten postmates. Only one can be the postmate with the most haste.
Aliquot is dedicated to help scientists easily locate biological agents from others labs and facilitate a trade.
Capturing individual Fan data from group ticket sales through gamification.
Engaging trivia and prediction game for Orlando Magic fans
DropZone is a mobile platform to assist those in need of finding food, shelter, or toiletries near their location
An integrated, innovative app that leverages smart AI, social media, and education to combat addiction
Detect and stop anxiety attacks before they occur with a Myo armband.

A Web-App that helps build proofs to strength understanding and encourage exploration.
A streamlined DAW for live performances. You can quickly swap out tracks, add effects and impress your audience.
Tapping through the Q, one phone call at a time
Arena wide games to engage & excite fans
Redefine your gaming experience
Machine Learning Classification for Melanoma
Finally, an encyclopedia for everyone.
Delivery from your favorite stores for later, via image search and voice recognition
Automatically generate captions for your images, we give you similar GIFs as well!









An approachable, friendly, school lunch application that reduces stress and increases comprehension.
Learn a Language Anywhere
School is hard. Lunch shouldn't be.
Emails are cool but full of headers. Slackify extracts their core and presents them in a nice Chat View
USDA E.A.T. School Lunch UX Challenge Submission

Allows users to save different scenarios and restore them into spreadsheets at will
Store your Microsoft OneDrive files on real objects

To develop a simple to use online application to apply for free or reduced school meals.




An innovative system to prevent wasting water in almost any environment. Now with IoT functions
Give access to citizen to contact rescue 1122 team through mode and app will atomically grab the citizen location
Did Trump actually say it or is it made up? We can't tell either.
Case management support for agencies working with homeless and mentally ill populations
Quickly filter Facebook posts from as many friends as you choose and discover who's content you want to really follow
New Concepts Staten Island Express Routes
A data story that visualizes the problem, understand the decision drivers and uncover observations to optimize route
We created new Express Bus Routes in SI
A web-based service that tracks your smartphone without any data/internet connection.
An easy online chat bot that fills out legal paperwork for you.
An app to extract discrete audio files from court proceedings for translation, transcription and open access to data.
It is a bluetooth low energy enabled solution that would capture student engagement in classes.
A jury management system to completely remove friction in jury duty assignment, deferral, and qualification.
A tool to rapidly increase court systems through updated task processes
An IOT umbrella sharing network that utilizes a number of connected smart kiosks to provide COVR on a rainy day.
Request court calendar event information from the API.

Protection orders are one of the early steps in escaping an abusive relationship.  We automate your freedom.
This is a practical solution that can be used into today's world that does not exclude feature phone users.
A platform to help improve the release of solutions for today's impedances in the court system
Processing court data
An intelligent conversational guide to your local community.
A reliable community-sourced scalable enterprise app dedicated to help Translink commuters identify congested buses.
What are your odds of getting to your local business without getting into any road accident? We'll calculate that!
gitStarted streamlines the repository creation process for developers in a hurry!
A New Facial Recognition SDK Without OpenCV
A talking monkey with AI
Smarter way to search properties.
Food for the undecided.
Create and explore virtual art in local parks.
The world's first Kanye West RESTful API
Your personal intelligent trainer
Face detection greeting for Rise Manchester, StudentHackIV project
Allow I.T., System administrators, and developers to monitor real-user experience in any place anytime
Just Another Smart Mirror
An Aloe Vera plant that controls Macros
Sistema de optimizacin y automatizacin del riego de cultivos a travs de una red local.

We fixed the group chat, so you can get important information... later.
Have fun while improving your flexibility. Challenge your friends to perform yoga poses in random situations.
An app that allows you to find places to go or activities to attend while in Miami Beach
A two-sided web app allowing new grads to automate student loan payments, and banks to offer cheap credit products.
Myo Armband gesture controlled GoPro System
A way to plan your trip without having to do all the boring budget planning
How can small offline retailers & local artists be competitive in e-commerce?
Vine videos, with a Tinder UI, with a YikYak community
Sleepful is a sleeping assistant that tracks your sleep to make sure you get up
Sembrar una semilla de educacin ambiental en cada usuario y que en ellos brote una conciencia ecolgico-integral.
Help reduce potholes on your daily commute with ease
The HTCPCP machine helps to automate your entire morning, from ringing your alarm to brewing your coffee.
Technological art making system that transforms hand dancing to moving colorful fractals and music in real time.
Our web app gives users a visual representation of where a current election candidate's support lies.

Utility for viewing and controlling 3D models in a virtual reality environment.
A makeup application to help optimize inventory management for makeup professionals

Make chores fun and interactive!
crowdsourcing volunteer work in the area near you #helpteering
An app that helps user to plan their trip in the best & cheapest manner; traveling just got easier
FetchDate
FundBase Challenge
Donate Blood and Saves Life

Generate documentation as part of Build and view under Code hub group on VSTS
Lost your friends again? IndoorTracking helps you finding your friends in the crowd
Determine the optimal temperature for your Nest thermostat by averaging the preferences of everyone in the house
Create powerful, intuitive and effective calculators and forms easily and quickly.
Share the joy! Reminence the days of gaming together on a single keyboard.
A device that's programmed to launch a projectile, given a distance; the device calculates the angle needed to shoot.
Hooking you up with a great shopping experience
Connecting online and offline transactions
Have you ever wondered whether your repository is feeling sad, angry or joyful?
Send bitcoin to any device with sound
An IoT solution to against water crisis in California
Powered by Leap Motion, Mappable strives to give everyone a voice by translating sign language to audio.
Seamlessly allow users who purchase items online to return items in retail locations.

Clever Carrera

Bringing Accessibility to everyone using p2p mesh networking
A first person shooter controlled by your hands.
Bulletproof API redundancy
A quick way to receive messages without having to look at the screen of you computer
Imagine a world where trello is actually kept up-to-date via a sequence of actions committed by Git
You control a phone with your phone with google cardboard.
An API to talk to libraries (the book-lending kind).
Internet easter egg hunt.
Picture for a Change allows users to take and share pictures and add a sticker for a cause that they support.
Simplifying university systems/life
Automate change tracking intelligently and efficiently
Has it been over 3 months since you've felt the loving embrace of another human being? Git Schwifty!

Love Yo-Self is a web app geared towards helping patients with mental illness keep up with their therapy.
Want to turn that light off but too lazy? With ARemote, scan a code to create Augmented Reality options for objects.
A shared VR experience between two people and Google Cardboard
Nhacks is about sharing, we're about sharing love in the form of food through getting recipes from pictures of food.
O-key helps you keep track of your drinking and make sure you refrain from drunk driving to help prevent deaths.
Platform for sharing and trading equipment for gyms
This rocket flies straighter than other rockets.
Collaboard combines the incredibly convenient asynchronous nature of chat, with the imaginativeness of a whiteboard.
Making collaborating online as easy as working in the same room
An intelligent wedding album creator for sharing long-lasting memories online.
Eating right is all about balance. We keep track of how colourful you eat and how awesome you are.
Map directions without cellular data
The networking that makes making friends a game.
Too tired? Just want it to end? Too lazy to actually do it? Have the internet destroy your life for you
Identify & categorize waste nuts & bolts to make money from scrap steel!
Here at short we strive to take complex news stories, break it down, and deliver the important bits to the user.
Swiping into comfort
Making the roads safer for all of us.
Hardware that revolutionizes 3d input: We've created a 3 dimensional human interface device for less than ten dollars
Application for users of self-driving cars with high risk disorders to reroute car to hospital in event of emergency
NeuroSim allows you to test your vitals in different life situations through virtual reality technology.
Find your way, day by day
douaamimi84@yahoo.com
An email-based web browser to provide the Internet experience to areas with poor Internet connectivity.
Allow patients to track appointments, medications and other advice. Contact health professionals and set reminders.
Surgical Care
help people control their data
Crowdsource the process serving of orders of protection
Discreet and Secure Evidence Gathering
Cognitunes is an app for the Amazon Echo that finds the perfect music to fit your mood just by talking to Alexa.

A place where artists can create exclusive sets for their fans.
Royalty free, algorithmically generated samples matching your parameters


Converts live camera footage to the thug lyf meme featuring you.

A smart mirror/display with facial and speech recognition capabilities


Removing the salt effects of drought catastrophes. One ion at a time.
Video content chat

Demonstrates the geographic spread of baseball from 1800s to today by player birth city on a map.
Made by hackers for developers
A management style game focusing on growing your empire as quickly as possible by replacing lazy employees.
Get alerts, info and messages more naturally
Use accelerometer data from the apple watch to try to figure out bat speed
Automation for an aquaponics farming plant to grow produce year round over fish who eat the excess roots off.
Program for Hackton
Quickly visualize the transaction history of your favorite player!
Get SMS notifications when the game is about to get interesting.
Get text messages for injury updates for MLB teams
A web-based tool for any-scale Sabermetrics research
A new method to attribute baseball events to players
A smart irrigation controller that adjusts watering based on the weather
Sorts a date's games based on viewers preferences
create a heat map of a stadium so you can find the ideal section to grab a homer
chrome extension for live MLB game updates and enriching the gameday site
A premium social network for college and professional baseball recruiting
America's Pastime
promo for MLB Pitch! Hit! & Run! for kids to ask questions about stadiums
Solar Based Tree Irrigation System That Saves Water By Monitoring Raining Possibility!
Track your GitHub issues on the fly
Weekly visualisation of a zombie outbreak from a location for a year
smartbar is a app for smart tvs that extends the users tv experience by adding useful data related to the show.
A Muse Masterpiece

Automated data driven television
Idea is to analise and visualise the data related to HackSheffield implemented by one man.
App, that gives you information on what the actor is wearing in what scene and allows you to buy the outfit.
A heatmap of London, displaying the relative heights of buildings, in order to find best placement for Solar Panels
Switching contracts and subscriptions made easy!

7Play is a series of interactive games connected to TV programs + WhatsApp bot to help you get updates 4 soccer games
It's a data visualisation platform for the hottest events happening around you.
Zapping 2.0
Real-world sensor data is really noisy.Let's mix approaches to reduce the noise and properly classify the activities
We are disrupting the TV ad market by showing context-sensitive product recommendations on the TV screen.
A programable online bot fighting game where the best algorithm wins!
Dynamic background music and sound effect generation from the mood and feel of ebooks.

A simple stress reliever inside the Atom editor - Break your own code !
GreenHouse environmental monitoring
A game of shapes and creativity!
Pokmon-style battle simulator utilising financial data
A predicitve finance app that utilises weather on the day to create a model of your projected weekly spendings
You are stuck in a net :)
A line follower Arduino fond of Star Wars
In an ideal world hardware and software work seamlessly together to follow the line. Here we need to hack.
meh meh meh, bah bah bah some ML and stuffs
Code for controlling an Arduino robot to follow a line
Basic NLP stock market trend analisys
An augmented reality wearable with Google Cardboard and Vuforia
A modular voice controlled helmet attachment.
A lost and found social media app
Stay safe, stay lit!
Be Amazed with the World Around You
Pku is developing a smart parking system that minimizes headaches for users and maximizes data for businesses.
Check a number whether its prime or not
The next generation of audio interaction
A browser controlled robot with funky locomotion built for Robohacks.
Machine learning-powered robotic hand for rock paper scissors that gets better the more it plays.
Come to learn, Enforced to play
Created by the #GoonSquad, the GoonGuard can function via a Myo or autonomously as a patrol or reconnaissance robot.
Autonomous robot that seeks out, collect and sort garbage and recylables on the street.
Flying and monitoring a Quadcopter in real time on the web (WiFly.tech)
Virtual Reality Robot

.
-




















Encourage leadership by example for Municipal Governments by preventing water waste at the most senior level.
Automation and Monitoring System for Aquatic Agriculture (Aquaponics, Hydroponics, Aquaculture)
Stream all your music from a wireless SD card through Wifi into your phone

Upload all your music files and access them from your Android, iPhone or PC.
Design toolset.

Meeting somewhere? Access your Friend's location, find out the distance and time and see updated locations at map.
Chat with Chattr to get tips on how and where to have fun
Smart Sink is a platform for Artik, that lets you control your water usage.
Search for businesses en route to your destination.
A helpful app for Handymen, society and government
Simple, extendable, scalable monitoring solution
Safe and convenient travelling
A Chrome extension that adds Yelp ratings to Google, GrubHub, OpenTable and more sites.
A restaurant recommendation engine
An initiative to raise awareness in KPK public and provide them with a platform to give voice to their rightful needs
Real world virtual game, buy real businesses around & be the tycoon while saving yourselves from mafia & threat.

2D and 3D Augmented Reality navigator + context aware ads displayed in AR
A multilingual chat platform
Recipes recommender and sentimental analysis using HAVENONDEMAND machine learning API
Translates logos to speech in order to help the blind in everyday situations
This is a lock system for a door that is convenient, that is inexpensive, and that you can text to unlock.
An IoT alarm that personalizes itself based on the user's experiences and lifestyle.
An innovative solution to playing chess with friends anywhere and anytime.
Community Connections allows volunteers to connect with service opportunities in their area.
making beer pong great again!
An efficient way of logging bash commands and reformatting your programs into a tutorial-like structure
A platform for (UML) SiS students to sign up for text alerts for new grades, class begin times, and advising alerts

A web app that uses facial recognition to get people's social medias.
Making group meetups as easy as a click of a button.
a lightning-fast arbitrary-precision calculator made for programmers.
Survive this dangerous journey as long as possible!

Now you can prove your clicker prowess by competing against others!
An application that helps you make smart choices about your caffeine consumption based on coffee and sleep schedules
A Entertaining Method of Studying Evolution Involving Tetris
We created a game that simulates the infamous riddle run as a role playing game.
Do you hate hate solving for the moment of inertia? So do we! So we helped you out. You're welcome.
DOFdb is a network application that simplifies the process of building an SQL Database or networked File system.
Shortcut the learning curve for OpenDOF by using a ready-to-run Raspberry Pi image
Connects Amazon Alexa and OpenDOF to create voice activated IoT devices.

Push a button to host your very own Power Hour using JBL's Pulse 2!
Slock is a browser extension to effortlessly and automatically provide E2E PGP encryption on Facebook Messenger
Not all the students have resources to get good marks in entry test. We help them Prepare for that.
Hungry, but have no idea what you want? Now you can search through gifs of yummy food and find nearby restaurants.
Emojr is an Emoji only social network.
Have you ever slept through an alarm or missed a severe weather alert? ABPulse will get you up and keep you safe.
Shock Detector to evaluate the damage on a package
3D Platform-manipulation game that pairs with a MYO controller
Codify is an engaging way to practice programming

An app that tracks your fitness and integrates with the JBL Pulse 2's lighting SDK. It's lit fam!
Motion controls and virtual reality for Grand Theft AutoV.
Test your knowledge on current celebrity tweets. See if you can guess who said it!
Freeze your drinks instantly!
Punny Domain
A concept system of two iOS applications for streamlining the shopping experience

A cooperative battle, for sushi?

A 2048 bit end to end RSA encrypted chatting client designed with ease of use and portability in mind.
A multiplayer game that interfaces your VR headset or ordinary game with a friend's smartphone.
Have a text conversation with an anime character (i mean waifu)
An extension that analyzes bias and sentiment in news articles
A computer can be creative, too. We make a story from a provided picture.
Automatic Cocktail Mixer
IoFood is a cross-platform, IoT smart pantry ecosystem.
Tinder for CarPooling
Have you ever thought if the Hiring Managers are Weeaboos?

Real-time sentiment data of off Twitter
An extension to the Logitech LED keyboard with a touch interface
Eva is an autonomous floating IoT hydrometeorology lab, she maps evaporation rates of rivers and canals worldwide.
This speaker uses image facial mood recognition to quantifiy your mood and then lights and music to change it
A DIY hydroponic oasis with parts from your hardware store and enough capacity for 160 plants.
Reliable business intelligence enabling hospitals & ASC's to offer safe, efficient, & effective transfusion medicine

Using Samsung Artik as smart home platform to re-use HVAC condensation water for toilet flushes.
Your Water Consumption Monitoring - Simplified
Shower usage analytics without plumbing modifications
Water & Things Connected Save water, the smart way!
Herald makes healthcare safer by delivering doctors the data they need, exactly when and how they need it.
an IoT prototype designed to conserve water with smart water control and rain harvesting
Match the Right Patient to the Right Bed
Connect hospitals and blood centers nationwide, to ensure the efficient flow of lifesaving blood products.
Workflow management tool for the operating room that enhances communication, awareness, & efficiency and reduces cost
IFTTT-like triggers for healthcare information and discharge followup
A poor peasant must avoid evil guards to find food
Your Development Pal, Cause Pair Programming Sucks.
Have fun 3D printing your own eyeglass & sunglass frames. Customizable to your own style!
Crowd-sourcing drone control
helps our family douse the medication inferno one alert at a time
A device that auto tracks sugar levels for those with diabetes and sends the results and alerts to your device.
ER Plus is a quick and efficient app that allows people to avoid a long unnecessary process for medical attention.
Helping your doctor find the best medicine for U
Helps you make better health choices based on your symptoms by sending you to the best health care facility near you.
An app to manage social anxiety through daily reminders
Updates were rejected: use the --force
A minty, cheap, discreet, cloud-connceted camera that aims to end police brutality and the dangers of walking alone.
The end to the endless debate on where to eat with your friends and loved ones
Metroboom is a peer-to-peer jukebox.
Self-balancing, autonomous robot
Helping people to the max!
community crowd based source flood information
Control The Flood
Don't have time to make prank calls like you used to? Make automated prank calls with Pranker and the Twilio API
flood hack
Real-time crisis management
Personal assistant for browsing the web hands-free
MedBook serves as a platform for patients to compile all the medical record they receive from different hospitals
It's really fast
It's an online application that allows users to make intuitive and "hands-on" creations.
A heuristic exploration within the field of enigmatic diversions.
Self-motivating version control and unit testing
B-Note offers a solution to the lack of braille books. by translating E-book to braille using mechanical Braille cell
He's fast, He's furious, He's uncontrollable, He's Billy
Discover how people's pattern of using verbs change over time.
A user-friendly, customizable interface to use sensors to check the availability of an environment.

HelloFridge is the easiest way to save your ingredients from going bad by combining them to fit delicious recipies.
The most intelligent trash can in the world
Lapras is our attempt at bringing a personalized banking experience to the user, using bots and finance predictions.
A categorisation of Hello Fresh's ingredients list
A mobile app that lets you get together with your neighbors to cook tasty recipes from your leftovers.
A project of "IASA" team for food{hacks} hackathon
A simple and quick way for professors to engage with their students in real-time.
A re-imagined command line inspired by chat clients. A terminal emulator for the Web.
KeineWaste connects food businesses and volunteers in real-time, converting food waste into food donations.
Revolutionizing electronics development: Our platform keeps your hands free to focus on hardware that really matters.
A League of Legends helper program to determine best build path given a current game situation
with a flicka da wrist
An app that uses the android camera as an input and synthesizes music in real time based on drawings on paper
A rhythm game using a Leap Motion controller for input
Take a photo of an unknown or known ingredient and getting nutrition details, recipe suggestions and buy it online.
Never lets an infected eye fly uncaught
A 3D, gesture-controlled virtual reality maze in a foreign sector of space, filled with wondrous mysteries.
Democratizing defense and security, one datapoint at a time.

Bringing the classic, ancient game of staring contest to a new platform
Web application to set a delayed reminder notification
Control a drone, WITH YOUR MIND
Electronic Band With Eccentric Instruments

A recipe search system based on what ingredients you have and can be done with the minimalized use of touching.
A motivational exercise app using social psychology
Toast images onto bread
Visualize any relational data in virtual reality
An artificially intelligent "personal assistant" simulation capable of ethical decision making
Make a quick buck fixing people's stuff
PTeach prevents injury and perfects technique during physical activity through real-time performance feedback.
A game about a dandy hacker who must perform some dandy hacks to escape.
AudHub takes control of the aux cable and hands it out to the masses.

Philosophical musings as they would be expressed by Donald Trump
A short demonstration on the possibilities of flight vehicles
Help keep track of your loved ones safety by aiding them in using an Apple Watch to notify others if emergency occurs
A two part project with a programmed game and a built controller.

A robotic tank with a moveable turret and rubber band gun
A VR environment that teaches special needs kids how to react to social cues and helps them integrate into society.
A VR Application built using Wolfram Alpha, with Oculus Rift and Leap Motion Gameplay
a 3d arduino-based scanner for under $20
Music suggestion website based on Implicit Association Theory
Donald Trump is building a wall, and it's up to you to stop him! Win as many points as possible before it's built!

Urban H2O is an interactive map of water quality complaints in NYC.
Mesh-Networks allow for advanced adaptive reconfiguration possible uses include Smart Cities, Transportation and more
Teach yourself to play the snare drums extra fast using gamification and innovative new science!
CU smile lets you track what makes you happy, and makes it easier to rediscover what makes you smile.
Notis can inform you of impending travel concerns and lets you notify loved ones of your safety in a dangerous event.
Here at Happy Face, we want our members and their skin to feel the best they possibly can.
Inspired by the Flint Michigan Water Crisis, a cheap and continuous Arduino lead detector that can be accessed online

Twitch plays a video game but with your phone key pads!
A gesture controlled, virtual reality Ping Pong simulation.
The Bunnybot that sings a "touching" song!
Help Latin american people know where shootouts are happening so they can stay safe.
First person virtual reality game where you jump duck and dodge your way to steal the golden dragon's pirate treasure
Scrapes satellite images of supposed aid projects
The world's first mobile electronic swear jar that uses social deviation and personal motivation to break a habit
Fly your drone with PS4 controller while never breaking drone laws.
Smart Headphones that know you're listening and are listening for you

Quick chat with doctors from around the world -  receive professional feedback instantly
The guitar tuner that automatically turns the tuning pegs to a frequency of your choice.
It's like a race through wikipedia pages in search of some "thing", but with gifs instead
To solve century-long FIT parking problem
Optimizing the language learning experience through foreign language comprehension and accessible vocabulary.
Hot innovations for soldering irons.
Buy and Sell Wifi Hotspots
Java RMI server and client
We want you to go out there and Just bike! Find your next adventurous ride in minutes.
LogicBoard allows anyone to construct and run digital logic circuits. Anytime, on any device.
Hej
Your friendly neighborhood secretory
Virtual reality pillow fighting
A captivating game targeted for 10-13 year olds to teach them the long term effects of good and bad choices.
gnjdn
Your digital muscleman keeping watch a over your sensitive online content.
A web-based Linux distribution running on RasPi created to expedite the programming experience for beginners.
Short and sweet API for locating local train stations, as local as local stations get
A facial recognition program that uses a webcam to find faces within a video feed.
Fly around with physics as realistic as dragons are.

Our system detects when a driver is drunk, drowsy, or distracted to prevent accidents and save lives
Want to receive a quick update on the current US candidates and their ratings? Send an SMS and get such info back!
Saving the Lives of Hikers Everywhere
Voice recognition based home automatation and IoT
An IRL achievement system for reading books powered by Twilio
Game for children to understand that mentally different != normal
Learn Languages the Way You Want
A quick Alexa skill to give hope during segfaults and other demonic infestations.
From the backyard of Home
Utilizes the Unity Gaming Engine for control and feedback along with an arduino sonar car communicating by bluetooth
We built an app using Kotlin, for our website "Stoopidnotes" which improves the user experience.
Intrusion Detection using Machine learning.
An easy and effieient way to get the fastest route to pick up trash.
My project for HackBCAIII
Gives suggestions about calories

No more fear of your allergies

Find a sweet spot to start your new business in Montreal using Yelp business info and open data.
An asynchronous virtual reality game involving a first-person burglar and two security guards.
Intuitive map to find out amazing places according to key words and environnement conditions
Follow the city's heartbeat and find the hottest spots in Mtl every hour of the week
Yelp Community allows for more accurate local listings
Home Water Monitoring Solution
The dam at the River Styx is broken! It's up to Hades to save all the Dead by ahm guiding them to their destiny!
Kid record game

A VR puzzle game where reality is affected by the observer.
Idaho's Farmers Market is a mobile app for staying up to date with upcoming Idaho markets


Music Learning Platform
The open platform for sharing lectures with VR/AR interactions.

We're helping you save with your friends for your next adventure.
Inspire consumer engagement through a competitive platform which incentivises smarter energy use.
Block chain based markets for emerging microgrids in developing countries. Facilitates open trade and minimises fraud
A language learning app that helps user learn vocabulary during their sleep
Guerilla solar data collection on any vehicle
A smart network for CST development
Take a photo and get your emotion based personal ad. Share it with friends and starting a new viral hype.
Create audio-ads realtime based on user data
We deliver high impact social ads by bringing together consumer content and the brands it's about.
Link everyone on the page!
Choose how to pay for viewing publisher content (ads, social, money - it's your choice)

PhotoCoolPhotoCoolPhotoCool
The Tinder for Ads
Slack bot delivers content and ads based on search term.
Academic Advising Improved
AI boosted tweeting - Optimize your tweet performance within seconds and reach more follower
social network, better user-oriented, image process
A surreal horror VR, 1st person 3D Pacman reboot.
Ever wanted to know how much you can fly? Search no more! See who is the best flyer amongst your friends!
A food delivery service that takes on a conversational interface
Meet strangers you pass by every day, get to know them offline and establish human connections.

No more awkward moments
Rediscover places you pass by everyday but never got a chance to get in
A real-time multi-player music and dancing game on multi-platform.
Get Notified of Gas Leaks in Your Home
Kill the Bubbles!
WEB APP
Chrome extension that uses real time browsing data and machine learning to recommend products on macys.com

Upload someone's photo and create an amazing friend!
An online multi-player mobile game based on Face Recognition

Turning Publishing Upside Down through Press Intelligence

Recommends merchants and products based on economic data and transaction history
Pong too boring on a classical machine? PUT YOUR BODY INTO IT FOOL!
Provides helpful tips to edit a body of text & Professionalizes any written communication through a Chrome Extension.
[Table 21] Send and crack secret messages within your favorite audio tracks that leave no trace, all in one app!
A remote control car that requires no controller other than your hand.
prosthetic hand using a Myo band for movement

A Websocket Game of Hot Potato with Memes.
Musicalized vocalizations at your fingertips, bridging audio to MIDI
Secure your sensitive information in the music you love
Cool dev tools
Virtual Reality is here to stay. This is how we can integrate adverts into a virtual experence
Simple. Fun. Tasty. That's Nippy in a nutshell. Guide your mouse around walls to the door by carefully placing cheese
Using the public data provided by the City of Louisville to visualize reported hate crimes on an interactive map

Drone Drop is an autonomous delivery platform for pharmaceuticals and more
Neural networks and corner detection to recognize hand gestures
A SoundCloud-connected pulsing paint app for reaching new levels of auditory discernment and optical revelation.
The world's first DTHaaS (Donald Trump Hats as a Service) API and client
2048 meets... I dunno, Tetris maybe? (Implementation/improvement of an existing game)
A game where you write & edit AI code on the fly to fight in the arena!
Improving Github's platform for social coding.
Discover the wonderful world around you.
Real 3D printing management
Express yourself.
device
Bitcamp 2016 table 21. We generate music to represent net return for a stock using MatLab.
Settling the debate to who called shotgun first.
This is basciall uber but for tutors!

Quickly get the healthcare you need
The latest and greatest banana-themed operating system!
scribe is a new way to think about using computer vision to read handwriting
Networking made easy
A one-button network security audit for homes and small businesses
Giving a voice to deaf and blind (table 11)
Because sometimes scheduled appointment's don't go to plan
A therapeutic virtual reality game to diagnose and treat patients with ADD.
We have made a coaster that tracks how much water you drink, and yells at you if you don't consume enough!
An Android Application Developed to give feedback and prepare the user's Presentation Skills.
An attempt to reverse-engineer the system behind the UMD door locks
An adaptive ambiance adjuster for pianists, for a more immersive musical experience.
Bringing together people from all over College Park for recreational and planned events.
A magical way to tinker your culinary bell. Preference and budgetary based recipe generator.
A training application for surgeons to help them learn best practices and interact with 3d models..
Long road trips are boring. This project turns your raspberry pi into a portable game server! Internet not required.

Perform data mining and natural language processing on custom-streamed twitter data
Enhanced navigation for the visually impaired.
A platform making it possible and affordable to the realize Remote health monitoring,where the future healthcare lies
An arsenal of bots at your fingertips...
Universify is a project intended to help better connect college students to academic answers provided by their peers
Community.Connections.Mobility

Notify drivers after they turn off their cars whether or not they experienced a Hard Brake event via text.

Evaluate your transportation impact over time using Automatic data
MTC hackathon
Find recipes by cuisine and ingredients by chatting with a conversational agent.
Custom designed limbs for remote communities, better connecting manufacturers with clients
Test your music compatibility with your friends and significant others!
Ninja's in SPACE
A smart bag that knows what's in it and reminds you if you are missing something
real time multiplayer 3d snake with a feel good aesthetic
Tired of having your food stolen from a public fridge? We have the solution.
Educational tool for testing non-English speakers on comprehension of syntax and grammar
Dodging obstacles
Control a white, interstellar buddy throughout a bouncy galaxy!
We'll plan your day based on what you need!
Learn new skills with a VR presentation including haptic feedback
DevOps for Java based project with Team Services
A universal solution for local transportation
VR version of the classic game Simon
A hack that targets scientific data collection and medical record aggregation
An appplication that gets you the best of culture and events right into your hands
Tepatiki la solucin IOT que combina inclusin tecnolgica, en contra de la pobreza enfocndonos en el sector salud.
A game to educate people about which foods are lower in sugar
Sensores que perciben peligro como cambio de temperatura o, movimiento, que notifican al usuario peligro por webapp
All-in-one toolbox for your work out needs
Get more sleep so you won't get a baa-d day.
Versicolor is the interactive way to understand the strong relation between art and technology
Know what's in your coffee
api developed to alert subscribers about natural disasters such as earthquakes etc.
Nutrition tracker specifically for SBU students
A seamless way for the DOC to organize trips!
An android app helped to advance google calendar's notification function based on users' location! Never to be late!
Dartmouth Hackday 2016
This program simulates actual chemical reactions on a molecular level
Facilitating human connections in order to tackle social isolation and mental health problems
It's a plant growth simulation using cellular automata.
A picture dictionary enabling refugees to communiate and learn English no matter their literacy level or language.
Marketplace for refugees & interpreters.
Help new arivals feel welcomed by residences by asking direct every day questions. Let's close the gap, start to gab.
Anonymous social media platform for Counseling and Psychological Services
It's a chrome extension that meme-ifies images and text.
A crossplatform app which monitors and records physical indicators of anxiety, allowing intervention and analysis.
Helping people maintain a healthy lifestyle
"Teaching youth the true meaning and value of dank memes"
Educational chat bot to simulate bully experience and analyze the dialogue to define confidence level.
It is impossible to keep track of how much money you spend when using cash. Our hack solves that.
A device for reconditioning unhealthy palettes.
An innovative technological virtual reality simulator for firefighters being educated in realistic training.
A walkthrough using an architectural drawing and google cardboard. Load model and walk through
Harness the cloud anywhere: From data collection to analytics to smart embedded devices, quarqi does it all.
A fun game where you race to take down an aerial blimp, and collect coins on the way. Walls are destructible.
An interface that lets the blind utilize the greatest resource of this century, computers.
Redefine your power moves, an efficient and intelligent power strip
Often we need to scourge through dense pages of text for ideas rather than particular words. SmartFindr makes it easy
Markovsky is a MongoDB implementation that uses Markov models to analyze and imitate harmonic trends
Web app which allows users to look up a graph data visualization of their department courses and prerequisites.
An app that uses Twilio and IBM Watson APIs to send a text message and have it translated into another language.
The last password you'll ever need - your fingerprint
Prevent Anxiety Attacks on the spot
A real-time image recognition app that identifies real-world objects and allows you to buy them online.
Allow a patient to self track the progression of their Parkinson's disease and send that data to their care provider.
Measure and revive troubled online relationships with ease
We get it, you vape.
A tiny, modern replacement for GPG/PGP for Unix
Plugin for browser to enable end-to-end encrypted text to be sent over any channel, automatically
A music visualizer built in the vaporwave aesthetic.
The vaporwave hit 420 /  by Macintosh Plus played on a real 1986 Apple Macintosh Plus
Command Line Hack for Social Utilities and Entertainment
Prometheus + Pandora = Open Source CRM: specific user tracking, real time analytics, and targeted feature testing.
Using RGB leds & photoresistors to determine sku in connected/semi-connected/non-connected coolers.
Security device and an advertising platform built into one device!
Send a distress call and receive help
good shit go sHit thats some good shit right there right there
The world's first pedestrian device that allows no kollisions
Run around as doge with friends in a 3D macintosh plus album art, kick balls of dank viral songs and be the soccer DJ
Undocumented workers are still legally obligated to pay taxes, and this provides a way to provide information.
SuperVide is an automated sous vide cooker that is activated by a web app and through Twilio text messaging.
A social way to achieve your goals and make new friends
Rutgers CS themed, satirical remake of 90s boardgame "Dream Phone" using real phones
A framework that allows teachers to build simple web app for teaching purposes.
Fitness in a friendly environment.
Vaporwave Generator
Insight alleviates the dependence of those visually impaired by using sonar sensors to allow them to be autonomous.

myReceipts is an iOS application that allows users to conveniently track their receipts and receipt data.

Use Uber reliably as a part of your daily routine without ever risking tardiness.
An extension and app for notes
Making biking safer with Chindogu!
Home automation at the tips of your fingers through Facebook messenger. How much simpler could it get?
"Inside Out" meets Pocket God meets UChicago

memVRy creates a virtual memory palace for users to explore and learn content through visual, spatial, and audio cues

STEM + Immersive 3D Environment = Accelerated Learning
A network for girls in STEM
Study US civics and prepare for your citizenship test
Find ideas, make teams, and work on the next revolutionary idea with like-minded people!
A meme port of LoveLetter, networked.
Based on the game cube runner, you can now avoid cubes in 3D!
An unparalleled meme-browsing experience
Help Coca-Cola keep your favorite drinks in stock.
A game about the 2016 presidential candidates!
A predicitive moderator for rooting out trolls

Self Sort is an automated stocking and sorting system that tracks inventory and increases company control over retail
A modular response to inventory management through the integration of continuity and limit switches inside the cooler
Mental music reads the user's brain waves and converts them to sound waves.
Call +13123130184.
Float in zero g and use RCS thrusters manuver around the hubble space teliscope.
Low cost, high precision, item counter capable of uploading data to the cloud

Embed quizzes into educational videos
Escape the elevator.
Detect depression through natural language processing technology and incorporation of machine learning algorithms
A language for the Schwifty
A bot for sending memes on request to users in different messaging apps. Sends a different meme each time.
Know more about a day in the life of a coop that interests you.
Connect UC students based on common interests
This application captures the image of a person at the doorstep and recognizes if the person is known or unknown.
We've taken the question/answer format of the Seder to the next level, using Amazon Alexa.
Having trouble figuring out how to get to work? Let Alexa decide for you!


Algal bloom monitoring droid.

Deliver tacos around outdoor locations

Provides human understandable information about where annoying sounds come from so you can take action.
Pgina web para reportar incendios dirigido a todo pblico
Tecnologa al cuidado del ambiente
Encuentra a un gran amigo con AdogtApp


Enter a keyword in your language to find a service nearby.
Une faon de dcouvrir ou de trouver des occupations dans Sherbrooke en... ralit augmente !

A web application that uses your interests to find your next home for you.
Dcouvrir Sherbrooke une murale  la fois




Dashbot easily connects your Slack channels with dashboards
Be more productive by reusing code snippets within atom
we will fly a drone with leap motion
Atom package for Gist code reuse.
A platform to change the current vision of Brussels where people car share their favorite places.
News articles are too complex for children, but fun comics aren't.
website for organising material and supplies and in the near future registering as volunteer
Automatic time tracking
Bringing the top news via speech
Connect to your proximity with your friends and blogs.
Streaming reactive tweet sentiments for selected tags
A platformer where you work your way up the back of a sticker covered laptop. Using a paper bag as a controller.
secure mail exchange linking and localization
Let the emoji ninja transfer your chat experience with a state of the art emojifier
Help Octocat overcome commitmet issues and ascend to Valhalla.
Supplementary Nutrient Assessment Picture
Light-weight, User friendly Android Bill Splitting and Tip Calculating App
A webapp to show amount of tolls you will pay based on start and end address in NYS

Tai Chi is a Chinese martial art form that is "meditation in motion." This Kinect app will allow users to learn it!
Find out how the water in your area is doing
We are taking the hassle out of splitting payments
Tinder for Events
Our project promotes citizen engagement by encouraging local adventurers to log their trail visits.
Helping people be prepared for the worst
Snake Eyes is an app that helps hikers spot snakes before the snakes spot them, by using the community.
For those who want to soak up all their city has to offer
simple analytics testing platform to monitor blood health

Machine learning for inpatient care
Real-time EHR Assistant for nurses
A mental math game for upcoming generations.
A bus schedule interface for Pebble Smart Watches
Our app helps the students of UC Merced choose off campus housing in an efficient and fiscal way.
We have an android app that allocates UCMerced happening events into an organized structure.

Uber but for tutors
Automated tests reporting made for humans
we use IOT technology to help Fisheries and Oceans Canada solve Asian carps spawning problems in the Great Lake
A 'Brain Dump' work group hub VSTS extension. Write down all your TODOs, forget about them and enjoy your weekend.
Share Bits of Your Code with Your Team - All at One Place!
Different languages, different cultures, one community
A Virtual Reailty tower defender game which includes local multiplayer via the Buzzy SDK
Amplifying Creative Voices
Analysis of the performance of the talk shows on Arab word
Debates today to build future
This extension will help pinpoint missing comments in classes, methods, etc. suggest variable naming errors, etc.
Audios records the last 30 seconds and automatically transcribes it.
The hotspot messenger
Crowd based road monitoring and analytics
We bring resources in the community together to connect survivors with society in a safe and supportive environment





Send SMS from Slack.


the sensible distinction between code and comments.
An App that can assist you in collisions
Provides a way to create files from templates like java files, enums, ... in vsts.
Play music on multiple devices simultaneously
Meme Creator
Sculpt a shape in augmented reality
An Interactive Multi-Sense Python Game
Explore your dreams
A android interface for managing finances between flatmates
An intense game to destroy friendhips
Customizable facebook chat bot. Clients can develop their own applications which can interact with users.
A game about the Essex Campus Cat, Pebbles
Web based service providing status monitoring and remote SSH to corporate machines behind a firewall
KYC oracle on Ethereum platform
Sync contacts and send text messages directly from your Amazon Echo
Unions, decentralised. UnionD is Union-as-a-Service for labor in the 21st century.
DAO for charity pools with low cost dedicated hardware
Learn how to take care of your family.
socialinvest
This is an application that can detect when someone get's left behind and text the group.
How will our daily interactions with computers be affected by the advent of new human computer interaction tech.
A robust distributed ledger to store, exchange, and control intelligence.
Lead Market helps assure timely and accurate leads.
Texting app to send a picture text of a plant, and get message back with the traits of the plant in the picture.
Decentralized MicroSaas Marketplace, switch vendors on the fly with verifiable proof of Service Level Delivery
Exploring Autonomous Solar Systems
Decentralized Organization of independent energy producers and consumers in an isolated electrical grid.

Community garden manager
Open you creativity with InspirARTion. Number of amazing brushes give you a way to create artworks in few strokes
Smart city improvement game - do good, get points, collect rewards!
Create a Box of Dreams using Media from all over the web and share it with your friends!!!
We've developed app for people who love sport to take routes that avoid pollution and get rewards for their sport
Track your mental health on the go
Turning every owner of industrial and construction equipment into a trusted rental company.  With a click of a button
Moodify uses AI to understand your mood and try to make you feel happier
It's an IoT project to create a smart garbage can to create a more efficient solution to waste management
Auto-adjust ambient music volumn and color to mask the noise level for a good night rest
Stay on top of the news with Amazon Echo and Pocket
A Brady Bunch-style wall of video reactions to movie trailers
Use video to crowdsource answers for your daily decisions right from your phone!
A app to connect content creators with brands
VideoHackDay
A way to analyze your presenting style
An email assistant that summarizes your mailbox contents into a Spark bot that writes emails on your behalf.
Get the scoop on school. Transcripts of classes for parents to find out what their kids learned.
A platform for hobby chefs to cook for people who love to discover homemade foods, baked good and other edibles
Be witty ;-)
Alexize your website with the help of natural language processing
A way to alter and set time-event alterations to a temperature system via both smartphone and smartwatch
Mobile Chess for the World
For all you Kayne and Clinton out there, this is for you.
It's like Alexa, but in AR
Post, Complete, Score, Help
Web Design with Voice
Accident and prevention & collision avoidance  dash cam
Users can give New Yorkers in need a Helping Hand, a free ride to a critical resource instead of just a handout
VR science playground for classrooms
Joint Effort applications use novel sensor technology to redefine physical therapy using a human-computer interface.
VR based relaxation and chill spot
Music education has been limited to those who can afford instruments until now. Teach-U allows for hands-on learning.
EchoLoco wants to improve the lives of the visually impaired by helping them to move better in an urban city.
Help your team better serve customers by getting the right client data into the apps you use everyday.
We believe the top priority in the city is the security.We build your home a safer place through facial recognition.
Dr Speech aims to help people who speak English as a 2nd language to improve the accuracy of their pronunciation.
A first person car simulation where you get to find animals and learn about them.
Walk through a route in a re-planned city
A marketplace for researchers to find research participants in real-time via publisher networks.
Use a depth camera for gesture recognition to control a speaker, and see yourself dance too
Learn to Talk!
E&M with a Synaptics TouchPad
Storing data with no cloud in sight
BITWI is meant to make it easier to find out how a certain item can be disposed of, using your phone camera.
Breakdown our societys stigma by building a safe community to empower those who suffer from mental illnesses.
Looking for a new and exciting way to keep track of your daily nutritional values? Introducing, Nutrition Tracker!
An online harassment metric
Journaling for health and wellness with robust analytics.
We've all had a Roommate Problem! This app solves the problem with a RoomScore (CreditScore equivalent)
Use a synaptics fingerprint sensor to open websites per finger
Analyze shapes and speak it to you
Web Browsing for the Disabled
Augmented reality across a space as large as a football field
an application that gives
Syntax Highlighting and Online Compilation for Google Docs

a resource for teachers to develop better lesson plans.
Ever wanted to know your fortune by simply swiping your finger? No? Well now you can!
Visual display for the value of solar on buildings, facilitating a solar marketplace.
Creating a credit metric score for community solar subscribers to facilitate project financing.
Ebits allows people to leverage their investment in solar panels and storage and incentivises efficient energy usage.
Service allowing people to eat delicious food, meet people, save time and money through sharing meals
Chciae kiedy postawi swojemu dalekiemu znajomemu piwo? Od teraz bdziesz mia tak moliwo!
Intelligent organizer for traveling groups

A Start/Stop Mechanism for Liquid Bipropellant Rocket Engines
A Simple Parking app that tells the availability of parking spaces in a parking lot.
An open-source scantron bubble sheet that uses your phone's camera
It's a combination of a typical tap the beat rhythm game and a movement rhythm game
A quick way to find parking, its the best of both worlds
Learn to hack like a pro
helps find distance
Organic Battery
A project dedicated to ending sex trafficking by reducing demand, supporting law enforcement, and creating awareness.
Imagine youre a vendor doing business with an organization that is based only in one city but has 22 AP groups.
This API allows other applications to find all sorts of political districts for a provided latitude and longitude.
Service marketplace to empower and employ local citizens to address local municipal issues.
Interactive Mobile Data Visualization and Analytics Platform
Find the best way to commute!
explore the network data from user's cellphone on your Apple Device
Geolocation analysis of Mob Mobile Data
Looking for a phone upgrade? Who better than an AI that knows your usage trends to suggest what's right for you.
Predictive network occupation using Kalman filters on cell towers
Android app to create routes, share your bike rides, hangout with other cyclists and discover bike-friendly places
Android application by which user can get real time Air Quality index(AQI) of places and accordingly precautions.
Adolescent depression screening and tracking for patients and healthcare providers


A complete patient engagement solution for children and their families to help them combat chronic diseases
A network to connect people who need house repair help and maintanance with people who can do the job.
A fan engagement app that rewards users for interacting with the game and progressive field
A web/mobile app that students use to communicate their emotional health to teachers.
Application that provides emergency response services and treatment compliance tools.
Your professional and personal social media guru!
A smart stress relief device.
Find and share your best photos quickly and easily
The world has evolved beyond letters and your friend is late for lunch, guide them with your emojis
Mobile Device Multiplayer Hot Dog Derby Race Game
Affordable way to mass distribute AR and VR to enhance the fan experience at baseball games!
A heads up view of the entire ballpark experience.
One ticket, two views.
Unleash the latest in chronic pain insights into a peer supported goal oriented tool to improve quality of life
Micro-Management Puzzle VR Game!
You Won Russian Roulette - Great! But wait, the cops are on the way. Clean up before they arrive!
You're an RPG hero, who has to stand trial for the crimes he committed during his quest.
'Best In Show' - control the head or arse of a pantomime cow escaping from a cow-loving nightmare hotel
The Crystal Maze / Knightmare in VR
Killer Impact
You have already won the fight - now battle to remain standing as the crowd shower you with adoration - and more!
A useless machine that types for you, and some useful code that lets you type with just 5 keys
YOU BEAT THE BOSS. take the trophy home!
AI meets Human Patience
Generating professional pieces of artwork from artificial neural networks
Detects players in a high speed game like basketball
Hackathon Communication Made Better
Bionic hand system that replicates human hand movements in real time
Predict natural disasters, save lives; predict the stock market, become rich; play god.
Play this game, at least it won't end in a CATastrophe. *ba dum tst*
Hardware based gesture controlled monster truck.
An incredible addictive infinity jumper game to challenge your skills and break your own records

Tackling the assymetry of information faced by small producers in developing countries with the World Food Programme.
Mobile social media integrated app with push notification and real time interaction with the user' contacts.
Bring your favorite restaurant to your kitchen
Give a gig, get a gig.
education game
FlexDek for MAT includes peer support, rewards, information & resources to help people recover from opioid addiction.
A multi-touch virtual piano for Windows
Every Drop Counts. An application that detects water leaks through a sound sensor inside the baths in a building
A social bittorrent
A random palette generator for artists
Tux life, thug life
Not just an iOS app
Access valuable opioid recovery information within the privacy of your smartphone for free and anonymously!
Let's Prevent Depression. Let's Improve Elders quality of life. Be active mentally and physically. Be ActivElders!
We are solving the issue of disabled people of various ages not being able to easily move from place to place
A mentoring service for those who experience chronic pain
Spend your money on what you love.
Digital Stock Assistant. Tailored stocks recommendation for your needs.
Connect communities with giving, transparency & micro transactions
The ATM pinpad on your smartphone!
Showcases the Scenic and Historic Byways around Idaho in the easy to view formats of a Map and List.
Multi user management based on cognitive decisions
Parking App
Convert the future
Correspondence is hard
The emergencies never went so Easy
Because a smart city needs an intelligent repository
Furiously fill your furry face with flippin' floppin' fish
It's like Opal for parking, but you don't need the card - you have the app.
Fund for community projects
Share your idea for a space, build a following, make it happen.
waste not want yes
Whiz Racer is a car racing game with a twist. The cars are brain powered!
Tackle the Idealo Challange at HackHPI
In a world in which sophisticated algorithms reveal biases in news articles
Finding reasonably complete items eligible for showcasing them
Snap a picture of a mole and check if you should see a doctor about it.
Roboteyes is a blind persons personal assistant
We detect depressions from your mobile phone usage and intervene with a phone call if you feel depressed
analyze and compare user reviews with a model trained on amazon reviews
Psychology meets Online Gaming
Explore articles you red or want to read on a semantic map
This application will tell you whether your smyptoms indicate a urinary inflammation without visiting a doctor.
Talklight is an easy way to communicate witch each other only with light.
Connect multiple smartphones to create physical ui experiences
Just enter your request for professionalism, tap "Cap" and Cap will automatically call THE PRO for you.
A platform to connect students and tutors in a quick and effective way
Captain helps you create captions for all your photos!
A platform for high schoolers to gain opportunities and connect with other students, graduates, and professionals.
ThinkDrink is a health and productivity app for students, it tracks caffeine and water intake and recommends drinks.
A comprehensive website to take care of all the pesky logistics of time travel.
A simple symptom checker and medical adviser with intuitive ui.
AROS - Access any file in augmented reality.
travels around and documents surroundings
An online marketplace for services utilizing Uber's marketing strategy with Tinder's user interface.
The quick, simple, and conversational bot to assist you in planning for a short day trip.
A messaging bot that allows you to access your local library
Assisting the visually impaired through a robotic companion (like a guide dog)
Meetup Location Decider for Group Chats
Virtual computational notebook with math, text, and image recognition and a social base to collaborate with students
Tutors on demand, video chat with a tutor when you need one!
Educational Ptatform with GupShup bot to help upload suggestions to change the school.
Map all of your best moments with Atlas Social Mapping
be healthy be happy allergy free
Uber for Tutors
Helping people donate food
A multitouch-focused sci-fi fusion of soccer and pool

We allow a fast access to cheap financing through a secure and enforceable contract for small, underserved suppliers.
Used by insurance carriers who cede business to reinsurances companies to share the risk.
Bring blood donation tracking into the 21-century with QR and Blockchain technology, in an effort to save lives.
Ethereum-powered decentralized market for low cost last-mile shipment
The solution to digital user identity
Learn to play piano in an arcade duel with your learning friend on a Lenovo Multiuser Multitouch screen!

SenseAg helps farmers make smart irrigation decisions by using analytics to provide insightful, timely information.
We explore how an introductory biology course changes how college students connect ideas in molecular genetics.
find out whether liver metastasis is more similar with primary liver cancer or its own primary site using Tetrad
A tic tac toe bot behind a rest api that will always loose or tie
Chrome extension that redirects all Google domains and searches to bing.com
"I didn't expect it to be as good as the ads made it out to be, but I didn't expect it to suck that bad either."
An intelligent semantic full-page internet history browser
This is not your recreational thermostat.
Try a new app instantly

Swipe, Speak, and Score with the Campus Claim game, from Ball State University.
Figuring out what are the causes behind preterm birth
distributed build system
Texting robot that helps create discussion and promote change within communities to empower them


Encourage busy citizens to support businesses and charities with an alternative to direct donation.
Goose Themed Useless Box, now internet connected and fully customizable behaviour via Android App
A customizable DJ-pad simulation on the weight of a paper, built with Opencv

Securing your money with your face and voice
A delightful learning experience for kids and parents - with handwriting recognition
Ultra Fast and Low Cost Personalized DNA Analysis and Diagnostics with a Spark
Protects against data theft through USB devices through Voice Recognition from Knurld
Use the most secure password to fortify your online accounts : your voice
Featuring Knurld
What I do in the shadows
Map with dropdown to select tree counts by year...
Website containing heatmaps and bar graphs visualizing tree health as it pertains to the local community.
The qualitative effect of trees on improving pedestrian comfort
Using average costs for different work orders we visualized 311 costs over time.
Treezy is a mobile app for matching users with nearby trees in most need.
To estimate the citywide water absorption that could result from the complete implementation of tree guards
End to End Encryption Anywhere
A system which gives hotel room access  using cutting-edge Voice Authentication technology
Super Secure sending of medical records through voice authentication.
Convenient yet secure lock screen for the rest of us
AppLetic is a fitness-based social media webapp that allows users to post their individual progress and socialize.
Have you ever been in a place, free for a few hours, full of energy and no idea of what to do? We solve that!
Predictive Airport Operator Dashboard for early warnings and decision facilitation
A revolutionary solution for shipment planning

A chat bot built in Messenger to sell Shop.com products. Messaging-as-a-platform is the new black.

Central web based data service for Mercy Corps as well as other partner and donor organizations
Developing world in different sectors
Placeholder
Tracking Machine Utilization using Off the Shelf Products
Run back to your youth. Health data container + engaging story. You're welcome.
A universal music player
We analyze the sentiments of your interactions with different people and visualize your standings with them.
There is no better expert than you...
Saving lives with artificial intelligence.
An Asset Tagging & Management Platform to provide ambient intelligence to dumb assets
Welcome to Open Farm where we connect the local farmers to the citizens with just one click
Real Time Geometry Verification

No Food Wasted is a platform to tackle food wastage and feed underprivileged.
A mobile application to digitalize the voting process in Elections
To save electricity we need data, This project will be collecting historical data for power consumption of your house
Building gardening communities through plant, information and space share to improve environment and emotional health
Dastawezat enables Students to apply to all universities by filling just one form.
A Technology based Community platform for Students to come together and Help each other with their academic problems.
Change the way you innovate.
We feed you
Volunteer Matching for the Mile Square City

OAsis is a smart assitant that improves city accessibility to elderly people using advanced CV and neuronal networks
A tool to manage docker DAB as swarm mode service blueprints

Local tour guides at your fingertips that can take you on unique adventures around the world!
It's a perfectly innocuous note-taking app. Nothing demonic here. Not at all.
Learn idioms in English
sms messaging bot for people to obtain information about birth control options near them
An easy way to stay up to date on current events, through the lens of everyday people.
The image of a hacker is a white male in a hoodie. What if you could change that?
Study Buddy is an app developed to help college students excel with the help of their peers by forming study circles.
All the available transportation options in your hand . Plan your trip on what matters to you.
Lets diversify your slack channel!
Facilitating empathy through computer vision sentiment analysis
Athena is a platform that allows you to discover educational wisdom on the areas of Computer Science
Breaking sonic stereotypes
FitZoom brings the stunning visual effects of an interplanetary VR app to your daily workout.
Tracking/feedback on Operators attention and providing big data metrics
Share Links
Infinit provides hyper-converged storage (both compute and storage scale together) as a service for a Docker Swarm.
Imagine vehicles with an automated system that will help protect and save children and pets from sweltering heat.
Using APM to build the Digital Twin for Vehicles
Leveraging APM for condition-based maintenance & real-time asset configuration, communication, alerting & diagnostics
TempForecasting
Ops on the go!

Machining on the Cloud with StepNC Data and MTConnect Data
Gesture-based VR magic duels
Personalise your own Chrome homepage. Tailor your Dashr to display a range of useful information in real-time.
A platform for proximity based content sharing
Solving the "When are we all free?" calendar problem.
It does make a difference.
Tired of deciding what to cook or guessing what you're missing in the fridge? Worry no more!
A waiting list application that restaurants use to increase customer throughput and improve customer experience.
An app that shows you how to solve a pyramix after reading in its configuration with image processing
An AI tool that analyses audio signals for application in music recommendation to audio recognition services.
Our modular IoT home system helps caretakers and those in need live a fuller life with peace of mind.
We're building autonomous robots to bring make the elderly and their pets happier and healthier.
Fast, Scalable and Portable Local Business Recommender Microservice powered by Apache Spark
Big Data Analytics & Industrial IoT enabled Smart City Platform

Tap in the power of collective community intelligence to determine which transport routes are better.
Crowdmap & virtual companion app that empowers citizens to fight pedestrian victimization leveraging streetlight data
Airport Traffic Monitor : GE Predix
Use indoor position to track assets for a Shipment Company
When moving around the city, lean on Lino: your guide in augmented reality
Tool to give city planners insights into creating safer intersections and preventing fatal accidents
Quickly get where you want, without impacting the environment, your wallet or your social networks!!
A self-learning smart city platform that provides users offline access to emergency services & community resources.
D.S.A.Z.A.F.N. is a tower defense simulates a city attacked by zombies. We have to protect the city.
HELLO
Our application will help high school students learn more about financial literacy
Ghost Pursuit VR is a FPS VR Pac-Bomber-Man Game. You need to escape the ghosts and collect bonuses to destroy them!
.
The BEST way to plan a product roadmap and keep stakeholders in the loop
A seamless all-in-one integration manager for all of your drives.
Tech tips so good you can use them in your sleep
Fresh2U's mission is to bring fresh and organic produce, meat, and dairy from local farmers to your kitchen.
Going the 'extra mile' busting boredom.
Learning about chemistry with cute fluffs.
Local, Mobile, Social- Finding your Legend as part of your Legion
Yellow Watermelon is a real time playlist in which people join watermelon parties and vote for their favorite songs!
Access twitter from low cost LCD screens using your personal feed or any search queries!
Network administrator's new tool to scan for open ports, while looking for outdated software.
Find out what recipes you can make by entering the ingrediants you have.
You, the Ultimate Dank MLG 360 No Scoper, is on a quest to save the memes from the Illuminati.
A simple affordable 3D printed robotic hand powered by 5 servos with full gesture control
Platform for integrating 3rd party peripherals with game development
A traffic simulator that helps optimize traffic control for a city.
SMS bot for finding stock trends.
A fun way to keep your wits about you during a hackathon!
the wise mortgage-freeman gives you affordable mortgage suggestions that won't jeopardize your lifestyle
Using technology to track Zika spead and visualizing a containment strategy.
Trendy code analysis
Ctrl-F for videos
Find your way through a dark labyrinth only using your sense of touch!
An Alexa skill that can help you locate your phone.
A seamless interfacing of the DJ and the people.
An exciting basketball game that spices up the workplace.

The ONE language to end them all.
Your hands are in our hands.
React to videos in real time with the world
An augmentative communication app utilizing Tanvas technology
guitar hero for a real guitar
A fun and interactive way of experiencing chess.
PetControl enables you to keep an eye on your pet when you're away, and find it when it's lost using a new technique.
Creating an immersive virtual DJing experience
Cheap and portable concussion diagnosis
Use Elevator for Jira's on call rosters and intelligent escalation capabilities to lift your incident management game
The simple way to automate your team!
A lipid-resolution molecular dynamics simulator for human red blood cells
Communication platform between humans, machines and enterprises



Get CLOSE to where you want to go.
SafeHouse monitors smarthome devices. Looks fine, but uses AI to cause appliances to act up when they arent looking.
Spreading misinformation via wikipedia to assist in the robot uprising
Mistakes are needed for learning.The self-learning Mario bot that we wrote demonstrates this, the beauty in mistakes.
Art style based photo filters in real-time using convolutioanl neural network
Smart travel, powered by beacon technology
An AI/Bot that talks to you using speech patterns similar to Donald Trumps

The place to go when you want to know what's busy and whats buzzing on campus
#ZomBU
HeyBud is the friend you've always had-to be there and answer any sexually related questions.

Wanderlist leverages your social networks to inspire your travels.
raTe is a review platform for finding healthcare thats trans* friendly and to be able to avoid healthcare thats not

A set of BLE sensors that operate a magical minime house
A recommendation engine for Yelpers based on their preferences
A VR dating application using a-frame
Our project for the 24 Hours in VR Hackathon, titled My Place. A social nighttime experience in virtual reality.
Use your hands, face, eyes or a sticky note to clear all the boxes that pop up on screen.
Mobile VR discovery tool aimed at tourists looking to optimize their vacation through personalized itineraries
This is FitBit for your brain. Your entries become part of the data-powered world. Learn about who you really are.
AUtomated Room Apparatus - Control your lights and blinds automatically
Multiplayer Notepad
Answer All The Things
A web service to perfectly and dynamically fit 3D modeled props to your unique dimensions and needs.
Stay active, push your limits, prove it with photos, and you'll be rewarded with a refreshing drink.
A revolution in travel
Complete solution for PII protection inside JIRA
Investment portfolios that are truly tailored to you.
Emotion Analytics for  retail businesses
Open Tickets in JIRA Service Desk for Twitter and Facebook messages directly from Hootsuite
Political Advocacy Platform Where Everyday LGBT People Are Seen and Heard



Sending money to strangers is weird. We make p2p transfers secure while not having to share your details with them.
Teaching kids & young adults about balancing saving and spending habits to help them accomplish a financial goal


Emma helps victims of abuse find information, seek help, and automatically create reports in a safe environment.
Creates a chat functionality that connects people in need to a growing network of certified allies
Share your story of sexual assault in an anonymized and safe space, and get connected to local resources

Don't Panic!
Empower abuse victims to secretly document their experience & connect them to support networks through Messenger

Find yourself a home within your means with the Tinder of home buying app and survive the Housing Bubble Crash!
Buoy provides tools and guidance to help those faced with economic hardship find a path out of debt.
If she ever feels unsafe, all it takes is one swipe, and EmpowHer<3 will get her help immediately.
A friendly chat bot that helps victims of sexual abuse find help
This app features a random pet from the Pets Fur People database via Facebook App or Web Link

Carto pr-pago para jovens voltado para educao financeira utilizando sistema de gamificao e recompensas
Having trouble sharing expenses with your friends in events? With Moo, you can easily pay each other using PayPal.

PayGo  um aplicativo mvel que usa a tecnologia do NFC para pagamentos com um simples toque
Uma plataforma prtica de educao financeira para jovens

An app for tourism in Nuevo Len
A Virtual Reality Simulation to train static bicycles
Code editor live with your peers that implements its own project version control .
for petfurpeople
Lideres
Descubre tu ciudad con un solo click
A cloaborative proyect in messenger apps

Queremos combatir el cyberbullying y el acoso mediante la gamificacin y el mundo de las apps.
Support customers from multiple channels by integrating Service Desk with Salesforce, Twilio, Confluence.

Virtual space for reliving and interacting with memories. Watson organized, classified, and pinpointed life events.

Watson knows what you draw in VR
King Charles the VIII, often known as the Suicide King, only it wasnt suicide. Solve the mystery !
Use Spark to train a deep learning model to predicts volume of 911 emergency calls.
Create IT documentation in minutes, not hours!
Augmented Reality Customer Service  with integration of  Augmented Reality, Gamification, Big Data
Naturally, you have the right to be protected


HooknUp: Fish for Fun, Fish for Fame!  (Social Media for Fisher Folk)

One Community is the revolution in the Surinamese economy where mobile payment will be used for transactions
Hazel is a smart home automation system that allows caregivers to subtly observe their loved one's activities
The first Women Social Network powered by Cryptophoto Authentications Technology.
Social Cooking
A CAPI Implementation of Parallel Delay-and-Sum algorithm on SuperVessel Platform
Answer All Your Facebook Messages Instantly, Automatically & At The Same Time
Such geo. Much cache. Wow.
Journey Book is a travel blog with CryptoPhoto where anyone can post a blog on their travel experience.

Creating a knowledge bank for IoT projects and tutorials
Leverage Distributed TensorFlow for solving problems in Cancer detection





Solve multiple types of ciphers in one easy to use interface! get hype
hype up your website
This project explores methods to scale up and scale out a bioinformatics application using GPU, FPGA/CAPI and Spark.
Classify between landscape, portrait and other genres of paintings with high accuracy using deep learning
Green seed makes home energy planning easy & affordable and supports consumers in energy efficiency decisions.




Eggcelent eggs. Eggvery time.
Racoon - will help people to sort their garbage in new way.



Streamlining International Trade - One Bundle At A Time
Our brokerage services help establish a system of civil welfare that operates on communal empathy.
A virtual reality experience that literally puts you inside the abortion debate.
You will never be alone again!
This mental health themed app finds you comforting dog images and uses clarifai to compose relevant messages.
A wearable Electro-Biometric transmission watch and app for secure and reconfigurable personal identification.
Take charge and fight back against your intrusive thoughts. Though they have taken shape, they don't stand a chance.
---a simple text-based adventure---
Plan your next outing and meet new people
Get help
Health To Go is a pocket companion to improve your physical and mental health.
Simple game that brings a smile using VR
Pepper will be the next generation flight attendant bot.
IMpulse monitors your pulse through the Apple Watch and contacts emergency services if a cardiac arrest is detected
Helping the blind see, one beacon at a time.
Turn Minecraft Redstone Circuits into Verilog
Community health in developing countries
energy saving made easy
Music Exploration Driven by You
A dynamic window heads up display that can track real world objects relative to it's users
Your plug-and-play collaborative playlist in a box.
A handheld sampler and drum machine in daring pink.
Making news more accessible
Think Google Analytics... but for the real world
Choose the safest route possible to travel when you're in a new city or walking alone and want to feel more secure.
A new and fun way to donate to a great cause
Real-time navigation system for the bikers using laser projection
This product is an internet of things lamp that changes colors in real time to indicate stock market fluctuations.
We are making flying more comfortable by managing the lavatory queue virtually from the inflight entertainment system
An Alexa-Powered Puzzle Game Experience
Companies share support information between themselves to improve the support experience for everyone
A cheap and easy way to relay, process, and store real time data quickly and efficiently
Imagine a cyber security tool that would run diagnostics, and show you how your site is vulnerable.
Using wearable to monitor elder and Pepper robot for confirmation and assistance of the elder.
Tells you about historical places around you and historical events that happened today in history by country
The future of portable videography: A cost-effective, high-quality, and stable motion solution
Cheap eye exams for third world countries
Why limit who can request Lyft rides? Lyft Offline allows you to request a Lyft with NO internet connection.
Voice assisted intra-hospital delivery & patient care.
Waiter is a personal voice bot that holds the position for you during long phone waits
An all in one dashboard for financial portfolio visualization, analytics, and optimization.
We provide better In flight experience which targets the individual customer rather than as a whole
Relive your arcade game days on the Google Cardboard
Dynamic Speech Visualization for Hololens
Bringing learning to life.
Hockey in VR with advertising potential built in

Snap real products to find out more about its parent company from CrunchBase or buy it!
Encouraging exploration of secret places straight from the locals.
The fun way to buy goods from your favorite retailers.
Connect with others who have or is currently experiencing the same pain without any vulnerability.
In-flight upselling of excess seating capacity.
Search homes by info in images (Watson computer vision) with Alexa. "Alexa, show me all homes with a backyard"
Improving the flight experience through communication
A trash can that auto-segregates trash
Protect your home, save money!
We solve the last mile problem by matching you with passengers on your flight going to similar destinations.
A frictionless bot development platform for businesses whose main point of customer service is phone calls and email
LocalSecrets.club brings the community together around common interests, making it simple, personal and fun.
We turn the pulse 2 bluetooth speaker into a smartphone extention notification center.
Pepper robot based learning solutions for Autistic kids
An automated hotel check-in process with a friendly face, using Softbank's Pepper the Robot.

A music game, in the vein of Guitar Hero, that you play on the Pulse 2 LEDs
Escape room with Paranormal Elements
Find the key, escape the room, don't make a sound...
You awake in a tent. What starts as a pause from slumber slowly evolves into an otherworldly experience of horror.
Forward alerts from Amazon Web Services to your DevOps team.
We track teeth grinding at night

Where and when is data enough? A simple algorithm for fast implementations and comparable results.
CLIve makes managing your AWS EC2 instances a doddle. He understands natural language, so no need to learn a new CLI!
A Virtual Reality Haptic Feedback Vest and Software Solution
Light up your crowd.
Financial transparency at your fingertips: Frost reveals how institutions choose to spend your money.
An experiment in 3 dimensional user interface to control real world device.
An app to quickly identify and translate the names of objects in your environment
A device that senses your motion and shines dim light that way so that you can move around without the bright light
Search for a company and find all of the primary shareholders to predict the best stock option.
Have you ever been starving after classes? Bob's Ramen can remotely pre-prepare ramen with a tap of a phone.
Exploration of a surreal typographical world.
Modular educational Augmented Reality tiles tied to a smartphone app to bring engaging activities to the classroom.
Attach Fretless to your violin, upload any MIDI file, start learning right away!

An app that stores your articles of clothing and creates outfits based on palettes of complimentary colors
Meet new people while competing about who cooks the best food! :D

Our robot is programmed to write through it's movement.
A iot device for social media
puzzle-app allows you to solve a custom, challenging puzzle by dragging and dropping images
A metronome that follows you!
A blockchain based social network that allows unprecedented freedom of speech; it is impossible to delete anything.
Uses sentiment/emotional analysis of Yelp reviews, and open crime data to identify places that might trigger PTSD.
Determine which candidate to vote for by throwing away your pre-conceived notions  using the art of xkcd

An easy way to sell your stuff  just push, and sell!
Just a bit is a IOT software solution to help provide an easy payment option for street buskers and entertainment.
An open platform for idea distribution and inspiration
The Social Engineering Bounty Platform
Helps friends decide where to eat using Yelp, math, and a beautiful UI

"I Reddit on the Pebble Smartwatch."
VR Open Heart Surgery With Alexa as a Virtual Nurse
Break up Trump's b.s. tweets word by word
Music Visualization and Manipulation
Lyfe provides a new way for users to find videos by showing how their friends reacted to the video in real time.
Find the soulmate you were programmed to meet using our biometric neural net dating algorithm
Digital Piggy Bank using Ethereum
Interact with the bus info you need and physically interact with the bus's services when onboard without an app.
Pinball--extreme electronics style
Data visualization toolkit for agricultural purposes
EmergiCare compensates for lack of emergency services funding by providing GPS tracking during 911 calls using SMS.
LogoLens presents relevant stock quote data when a user sees a company logo while wearing the HoloLens.
Detecting breast cancer cells using image analysis
An Amazon Alexa App which uses Capital One Nessie API for answering your questions
Converting currency on the go has never been so simple!
A Harry Potter-inspired clock that tracks the location of your family members via an app and updates a physical clock
Unlock the full potential of the electronics you love by controlling them wirelessly through easy hand gestures
Augmented Reality Drone Management Platform
Home-cooked meals for anyone. Share a dinner and an experience.
Parse-Tree Hip-Hop Generation using HMMs and Microsoft Azure
Receipts are hard; automation is easy

A seamless and distributed cloud storage solution
An iOS app for multi-drone multi-package planning, that supports variable drone capacity and package weights.
Drone Delivery for Prescription Medicine
Generate new lyrics in the style of any artist using LSTMs and TensorFlow
Turn the Chrome URL bar into a bash terminal!
Augmenting ordinary paper with new interactive experiences
A collaborative virtual reality game that encourages exercise and runs wirelessly between two iOS devices.
Kiva + Invest. Kinvest allows Lenders to leverage machine learning to maximize impact in developing nations.
Get XKCD articles presented to you automatically based on what you are currently searching in Google or Bing.
Want to shop online on a site that doesn't accept bitcoin? Now you can -- via the Coinbase and Nessie APIs.
Help I've fallen and I can't get up - the smart way

LeapLock is a 3D-gesture based locking mechanism.
Advanced route planning for drone deliveries to moving targets, with tracking and control suite
Intuitive content sharing. Simply drag a program window from one computer to another.
Videos Analysis w/ Deep Learning
Virtual reality 3D coloring/painting experience for Google Daydream
Mentech is a Virtual Reality simulation connected to a web app, that diagnoses, tracks, and treats anxiety.
Finally ask Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton your burning questions - the catch is that they're actually robots.
A mobile app that pairs friends together for everyday activities such as eating or jogging seamlessly
JS Policy allows web devs to keep user data safe by subjecting 3rd party Javascript to rich runtime policies
The machine programmatically flips through physical books, and using TTS reads the pages aloud.
Pusheen + psychology research = healthier eating habits via mobile app
Remote control pair of hands with VR integration
A platform that helps people collaborate towards finding missing people.
Cloud Storage turned Physical
AI-powered Chatbot which give you curated dating advice - while you're on your date!

A drone platform that not only knows how to fly itself, but also knows where to deliver aid after a natural disaster.

Ami creates a planner for what you should do on vacation! Just tell it what you want to do, and it will plan your day
Uber for drone deliveries
MediMR is Mixed Reality application for Medicine
a care assistant robot that uses the FIHR API to retrieve relevant data about a patient and medical records to
Save money in a fun way!
The avid hackathon-er's best friend!
A Student Aid Report that is finally easy to interpret and can be accessed via Web App or your Mobile Device!
An augmented reality application to visualize and see where the closest merchants/atms/branches
A simple adventure game that the player navigates entirely through commands to Alexa
We find a non pixel perfect sub image inside of a main image
The Largest Note Sharing Database
An essential document made simple

Get that government cheese with a streamlined FAFSA student aid experience.
Program for Verscend Health Care Claims Challenge during VCU's RamHacks from September 17-18, 2016.
deep learning highlighter
A simple database to help businesses find locally grown or produced Hawaii products

A complete health care system
An end to end solution for assisting and improving the lives of homeless individuals.

A database for Hawaii-based internships, scholarships, community service opportunities, and college applications.
Providing a sustainable and organized web-based solution for OCCC family and friend visitations

Integrate mathematical analysis into your CAD models.  Use Swift Calcs WYSIWYG Math to drive Fusion User Parameters.

Profitable predixfied service excellence from Capgemini for the customer to ensure zero downtime of machine
Ultimate health care tool for predicting visison loss
Adds Magic to your presentations
Hrydyalysis is an artificial intelligence system for Automated ECG diagnosis and Multiple disease detection
Transgender name and identity change simplified.

An SMS bot service that connects those without wifi-access to nearby gender-neutral restrooms & charging outlets.
Geolocation Upgrades to JSARToolKit with a demo web app
TrippAR is a cool new way to learn about a new area that youre in with AR!
An exoskeleton leg for people who need it most.
Gesture Controlled Drones for Social Improvement
Get Around it !!
Everyone's Favorite At-Home Doctor
Artificially Intelligent Healthcare Companion
Making medicine available to Syrian Refugees using an interface that allows doctors to request drug orders on Amazon.
data-driven therapy, one sketch at a time
Tracking Mental Health through Voice and Facial Analysis Software for Doctors and Patients
Filter harassing content from the web. #HackHarassment
We connect people to providers
Combining social media data and basic demographic information to track the risk and progression of infectious agents.
Application that gives emergency services your exact location.
Rest it on Me and travel worry Free
A mental health web app for doctors to analyze patient journaling to assess cognitive dysfunction in schizophrenia
We're streamlining the process of entering personal info online while maintaining the highest security possible
Empowering women then, now and forever!
Server with a Deadman Switch!
Data you can feel.
Stay updated with your investments. Anytime. Anywhere.
Minimizes boarding time at the gate and ensures on time departures by predicting and preventing overhead bin overflow
A device that knows how you feel and keeps you emotionally healthy
Flight seating from unique interests and industry matching. Also, mood-based curated in-flight entertainment.
hackGT 2016 financial dashboard
Your Pocket Therapist
The immersive and tactile way to learn Braille & Korean
fud: Simplifying air travel from the ground up
Free services allow limited cloud storage; BigBackup utilizes unlimited YouTube uploads for additional space
Joy, Sadness, Anger, Disgust, Fear... We give you the Inside Out about what the reviewers feel about you product!
Deep Learning on Devpost Submissions
A reddit crawler that can tell you everything about a commenter
The fastest and most seamless shopping experience to date

Get to know your digital self
This app will automatically find the cheapest and nearest gas station from OnStar data when the fuel is low.
Music that you can feel - control the way you play music with just your hands - no MIDIs, no controllers, no limits.
Investing made simpler
You can't always keep an eye on things at home, so this smart application promise to do the heavy lifting for you.
WatchKit for iOS takes the unmodified source code of an Apple Watch app and allows it to run on an iPhone
Videos and Experiences You Can Touch
Augmented Reality Food Menu (iOS App)
Giving airlines visibility into the current capacity of overhead bins to reduce takeoff delays
Use Machine Learning to speculate the future price of Stocks
Don't watch in oblivion. Dive deep into it!
A web application for estimating probability of developing cancer based on non-invasive genome sequencing

Let me plan a surprise trip for you!
Wilson is a chat bot that can help make day daily tasks much easier
A game documenting an influential political figure's quest to save the youth while carefully skirting death.
Context-aware to-do app for smart reminders, because manual entering to-do reminders is too mainstream.
SurfShield is an extension for Chrome, and it's purpose is to warn users about cyberbullying and offensive content.

Know the line. Beat the line. Get coffee faster.
Test your drinks to make sure they are Dartmouth approved!
discover amazing 3D scenes
Smart Lock Screen which keep you safe while keeping you connected with your family.
Grindr integration for connecting displaced LGBTQ members.
Butlr helps simply manage day to day tasks.
An app to makes you feel better
chat bot for stamford
The virtual travel assistant for your team
The quintessential classroom engagement bot for Slack
Multimodal transit guide for Connecticut
We develop global-scale species distribution models and use these to evaluate spatial bias in GBIF data
Smart multi-user queue and advanced picking system for finding taxis and passengers
Collaborate on your AWS infra from Slack using natural language
Evaluating geographic sampling biases in species distribution datasets
ChedliTaxi is the snap-cab application that lets you instantly catch a taxi without having to wave your hand !
Correcting for spatial sampling bias in primary biodiversity data sets for species distribution modelling
Borges is a real-time translator for multilingual Slack teams